Looking for Advice  about an eBayer Seller, sending me empty boxes.?
Cut the long story short,
I sold an item on ebay
Buyer wasn't happy as it had been crushed in the packaging (so i was like, well that's the post offices fault.)
He then went through the paypal dispute, said that the item wasn't as described, and paypal gave him it in his favor.
I was annoyed at that,as he said one thing to me and an other to paypal.
Anyway, i received the item from him, opend it up and he had put empty cereal boxes in it.
paypal were waiting for me to accept that i received the item, i didn't accept it, so they contact me.

I told them that the item that was sent was empty cereal boxes, so paypal extended the deadline and told me to do down to the police station to report the incident and get a crime reference number.

I went down and i had been told by several police people. that because he hadn't got my money an offense hadn't been committed yet. i thought fair enough

i then went back to paypal, and they are adamant that they need this reference number. so i am Pretty much going back and forward and round in circles.

The way i am seeing this going is that i have to wait till this guy gets my money and i then need to report it.

But, i got told by another police person that apparently i can't go to the police about this situation :S ?

sorry this is really long, but, have i got a right to go to the police? and has anyone been in this situation before?

thanks.

Ask the police if you can file a police report, even though it may not technically be a crime (yet).  Even explain you need it to satisfy PayPal. Then send a copy of the report to PayPal.

Good luck.
Well, first what kind of transaction was it, if he payed or you payed electronically, and the funds have not been cleared yet, it is possible it is still in the air.  The fact of the matter is, that based on my experiences: I bought two kicker comp 10" subwoofers in a bandpass box.  I had clearly asked if there were any perfections as far as the looks and condition of the subs and box was concerned, he said no it looked great...  I received the box to find out the speakers themself were crap, they had been blown so badly that tie surround that holds the speaker to the rim had been abused, which tore it, and they tried using silicone to fix it..... Long story short, I had paid with a money order, and I complained to ebay as not receiving the item as it was described, and basically that being said, was never refunded my money.  

They have loopholes saying that "well the postal service insurance if you purchased it, should have covered it, or that you neglicted the fact you should have wrapped it better or had fragile wrote all over it... basically its happened to me before, but with a paypal transaction, I thought that everything was insured by them if anything were to have happened, but if the item was busted, why is they sending you empty cerial boxes?  did you receive the money?
