What is the best version for aol mail?
I use mozilla firefox and internet exploder browsers if that makes any difference? 
I was told by my boss today that aol will be used for our company email  to Communicate when working at home.Sorry to be asking so many computer questions but Im learning a lot from all my yahoo contacts. Im starting to feel less intimidated by the computer and just want more information about so many things. Thank you in advance  :  )

It makes no difference whether you use aol, yahoo, hotmail, gmail or whatever, to send and receive e-mails.  So long as your Company has your e-mail address, you will be ok.
If your Company will be sending you e-mails with "attachments", you will need the appropriate software to open them - that's the only important thing.
Think of it as like driving a car from one side of your city to the other side.  It doesn't matter what make or model of car you drive, it only matters that your car can get you where you want to go.
Just remember one thing.............
Regardless of how good your computer is - the more information you store in it - the slower it works.
Um... without my sounding skeptical, I'd say that aol mail is not so hot.  As far as browsers are concerned, I prefer Internet Explorer.  My friends use both mozilla firefox and internet explorer and when I've used their computer, I've done as they requested and used the mozilla firefox explorer.  But, I prefer Internet Explorer.  (I actually preferred it even more before the Anti-Trust stuff was happening... when Microsoft actually owned and started Internet Explorer.  But then, that was when Netscape was also available and I don't know anyone who remembers it.)  

Anyway, I do know that if you try to use Yahoo by going through aol, it will be very annoying.  Aol does that its own browser and when I used a computer and tried going to my Yahoo email from aol, it just kept making me sign in again after two minutes and it took two minutes for the darn thing to pop up anyway.  (This was when I was using a computer at a copy center.)

Your best bet, if you're using aol, is to use the minimum service version (which was explained to me by a friend who uses it strictly for email).  You just use it quickly to retrieve emails and nothing else.  Comes to about a half-hour a month of use.  It's some type of quick service thing that is supposed to be either very cheap or without cost.  You'll need to look into it, though, if you're interested because I really don't respect aol.

I hope my answer helps.  :)
