What are cookies for?

i mean internet cookies

eating?
you eat them they are good
to make us  gain weight and enjoy.
A computer cookie is a small text file which contains a unique ID tag, placed on your computer by a website. The website saves a complimentary file with a matching ID tag. In this file various information can be stored, from pages visited on the site, to information voluntarily given to the site. When you revisit the site days or weeks later, the site can recognize you by matching the cookie on your computer with the counterpart in its database.
cookie is for c, its good enough for me.
They are for internal disfunction of the brain cells. Raptors tend to eat cookies without knowing that they are really deciding prematurely that they are about to barf out their own asses. Chocolate chip cookies, however, tend to end up coming out of some fat dick holes ass with fucking corn attached to it. Snickerdoodle, while also sounding sexual, is a term for representing your mother who is so obese that she perspires mayonaisse. Raptor Jesus likes to eat babies but is very into cookies as well and will tell you that through him you will go to dino heaven and there the night is lighter than day. WHAT?? I know right. I wish you would stop reading this because at this point you should have figured out that i'm just spouting out random nonsense. But no one really likes communists because they have government issues and theyre corrupt or some shit. Penises tend to look like cookies because cookies spout out semen in an orderly fashion. Daylight breaks hard on the sacred ground. For centuries we've questioned them of his birth. but in this hour, on this day, the elder knew. That was a bit of an iced earth song. kryyyptonite!
Eating with Milk and for putting some out for Santa Claus... LOL

This was just too good to pass up like that... HAHAHA!

But seriously... what the other guy said - 
Cookies are bits of information that your computer stores, placed on it by websites.
Cookies help the computer view the site faster and help the site recognize your
computer.
.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie
Open Internet Explorer - Tools - Internet Options - Privacy - Advanced - 
check Override Automatic Cookie Handling
Accept First Party Cookies
Prompt Third Party Cookies
check Always Allow Session Cookies
when paying bills online and prompts you then allow the cookie
Cookies are used mainly to identify you on the internet. For example when you go to a site, it reads your cookie and sees who you are. If you have it set so that you stay logged in, you won't have to always log in when you visit that site. It also can show you the page as you have it set up. e.g., displays your local weather or the background colors you selected without having to log in.
The cookies save data and information, of the sites you visited.
They are usually either to track your browsing habits, or store information for websites, so when you return, you don't need to log back in, etc.

There are also LSOs, aka flash cookies, which are much larger than HTTP cookies and store far more information.
