How to bid on ebay!? pleade help!?
Hi!
so i know this is a stupid question but, i want to know what i generally have to know before i bid?
but i also want to ask another question:
if there is an item who costs $2,25 and i really want this item!
so if i bid the last minute/or second, will the seller HAVE to sell this item to me? or doesn't it work that way?

You just place a bid. It's self-explanatory.

The seller has the right to cancel the auction.
The easiest way to avoid being out bid is to use the auto-bid feature.  It allows you to set a certain dollar amount that you're willing to pay.  Each time someone bids higher than you, a higher bid will automatically be placed for you up to the limit that you set.  Found that one out the hard way.

Of course, there are probably other ways, but I'm not that savvy when it comes to E-bay...yet.  :)
To answer your first question, I would look at the description of the item in GREAT detail first, I would look at the sellers history (feedback etc...) and last but not least, check out the shipping costs.

ASs for your second question, YES. Whatever the winning bid is, is the price the seller is legally contracted to sell the item for, but be careful with last second bids, as the previous bidders maximum bid may exceed your bid. For example, if something is currently at $0.99 with no bids, and I bid $5.00, I will only have to pay $0.99 as there are no other bidders to raise the price of the item. Always bid what you are willing to pay for the item, and not the lowest bid you think necessary, as you wil lose auctions...
ebay has good explanations/tutorials on all aspects of using the site.
?
If and its a big if, you can bid $2.25 at the last second (and it could well be the last second..) and provided that there is not another bidder who has already bid say $2.50, you will win. If the bidding has moved on, bidding below the current price will get you nowhere. If $2.25 is the opening bet, its pretty certain that the seller is looking for at least a little. The only exception to this rule is the BIN (Buy it now) sale, where the first bid at the amount the seller has stipulated wins!
Yes, but bear in mind other people will be doing the same thing, waiting til the last minute. One way to do it is enter the maximum price you're willing to pay. If someone outbids your original offer, your bid will automatically increase until it beats their bid, or you reach your maximum bid amount. Also, if you put say $10 as your max bid, and it sells for $5, you only pay $5.If you are the high bidder, they have to sell to you, unless there's a 'reserve' (minimum) price on the item, in which case they don't have to sell. So if you REALLY want an item, bid on it and put the max $ you are willing to pay. If the bid goes higher, oh well, that's EBay!
