Can anyone give me there prizerebel account.?
I can't get any points on it that's why i am asking this.

No, we don't commit fraud here!
It's almost impossible to get points on prizerebel, or most sites like that...thats why I use the site below

This site pays out daily so you can see right away that it works, and there's tons of proof on the site.

http://tinyurl.com/gptforcash
 
I use this site to make a little extra money online.  There are endless ways to make money on this site including signing up for free offers, completing surveys and clicks, playing games against other members, competing in weekly lotteries, and much more.  

Signup is free, and unlike other sites that make you work to a minimum amount before they'll pay you, this site will pay you daily.  You can get paid through Paypal, check, or you can use your earnings to order off of Amazon (anything you want) because this site is linked up to Amazon.com.

If you're skeptical, number one, if this wasn't legit Amazon wouldn't partner with them.  But if you're still unsure you can create an account and right there on the site is a chat room filled with real users, and even administration of the site so they can tell you just how this does work!  You can also click anyone's user name in the chat to see their up to date earnings, check someone with gold status or above.
I'm afraid that's impossible. The second account on an IP address (your computer's address, both physical and virtual) is automatically banned. I would recommend sticking with PR - it's a very efficient way to make money online once you get into a rhythm, and prize claims are answered quickly.

When completing offers, make sure your zip code, phone number, and address are fake but match your location. Other than that, you can use fake info. Use the same fake information every time, but create a new (not temporary) email every few offers.

Your best bet is to check out the RewardsQuiz and PlaySushi offers (15 points total). They credit instantly, and do not require much work (20 minutes). That's an easy way to get you started.

Here's a trick for the RQ offers: fill out the quiz with random answers, giving the same fake but plausible information you use on other offers. When you reach the optional offers (a list of yes/no options usually), begin to close the window but hit "cancel" when a popup says something along the lines of "Wait! Stop!" Let the quiz results load, change the "1" at the end of the URL to a 0 and hit enter. This makes the offer think you completed the optional offers instead of bypassing them. The offer will credit in minutes.

For PlaySushi offers: only complete the ones that say "use Sandboxie." Look up Sandboxie in Google, install it, then open Sandboxie Control. Right click on Sandbox Default Box, Run Sandboxed, and click "Run Web Browser." Your default browser will open, and go to PR and click on a PlaySushi offer that requires Sandboxie. Install the game (make sure you uncheck all the optional toolbars), play it for one or two minutes, and go to the PlaySushi homepage. After thirty seconds, go back to Sandboxie Control, right click on Default Box, and click "Delete Content." Hit "OK" or "Enter" and all the installed content will be deleted. Go back to PR and you should have the points.

See the source for miscellaneous information and a link to the PrizeRebel forums. Good luck! I've earned almost 200 points in half a year - not counting referrals. I have over 150 points now, but I don't have anything to get until Portal 2. ^^

[EDIT]: By the way, Cashle is just another name for Points2Shop (look at the top left corner on the website). It's just as good as PR - try both and see which one you like best. I won't post my P2S referral link here.
.
http://prizerebel-guide.webs.com/tips.htm
