why cant i say whatever i want? i couldn't hurt anybody over the internet.?
it seems like everyone is jumping on the harassment ban wagon! why do i feel like alot of people are trying to sensor me!? cant make fun of them, cant say fat,  no curse words??? im 24 years old! and i cant curse? its just a word! or a joke. i understand... peoples feelings. but i feel like there is a difference between what you read or type on the internet ,or even who you are on the internet, and reality...most of the stuff on the internet is already untrue! so why cant i say whatever i want? because i cant prove it.. its made up not serious... not reality!
i cant answer thats in violation of the rules i guess. which thank god, am i aloud to say god?, someone told me before i did! Bruce indirectly stated...

people take it seriosly
When you sign up for a site you agree to follow their rules. And people who are offended by bad language go on these sites assuming they won't be subjected to that. It would be one thing if they went onto google and clicked the third link for pretty much any search and saw something vulgar; that would be their fault. Why do you need to type vulgarities onto the internet?
You're wrong, man.  Sticks and stones might break your bones, but words can tear you up.  Words are tools for communicating and when you communicate hateful and hurtful things you are hurting people.  The computer is a tool for very real communication.  This is reality, and maybe you are not mature enough to play here.
I know what you mean, but you know' some people take the internet WAY too seriously. For some people- the internet is all they've got, as they have no social life what-so-ever. So they turn to the internet for social networking or whatever. Yes, they are alot of internet trolls out there.. and you really have to take into consideration that peoples feelings can get hurt over the internet, some people are really overly sensative. or they're just bored and looking for an argument or to boost their internet ego. in my opinion don't turn your networking into debates, & if you're 24 you should really be mature enough to understand it all, and not to call people fat :/
Its because you can't understand the feelings of the person behind the screen. Therefore, one has to be cautious not to hurt the feelings of others. This is unethical thus the word "Netiquette" is coined. And, you must say everything if you know what to say, when to say and how to say?, if you have command on Internet communication skills. Follow the link below to read more about your question:
Why do you have to be somebody different on the internet?
If you wouldn't say something to someone in front of their face - don't do it on the internet either

... and don't be one of those crass morons who think adding a smiley face or lol to the end of what is basically an insult, somehow makes it better or proves it's a joke, because it doesn't.

Your virtual friends are REAL people with real feelings
24 years old and with an attitude like that, no wonder 
people want to censure your inane mutterings!

If you haven't got the guts to say it to their face then
don't hide behind a keyboard and do it.

In other words, grow up and act your age not your IQ!
