WHAT KIND OF SICK PERSON COULD DO THIS?
ok so this is how the story starts.........
last sunday i notice a add on a classified adds website which was advertising a free car 2008 renault megane only 6000 miles the lot! (sounds to good to be true at this point)

anyway i sent an email with my phone number then about 40 minutes later got a phone call from a lady who explained that the car is her 84 year old mothers who had throat cancer and had 3 months left to live and was on medication and could no longer drive because of the medication etc, i was talking to the lady for almost an hour she told me lots of things about her family even about her grandaughter who had chicken pox, i am convinced she was genuine she seemed a lovely person.

i told her about me and my 3 kids and that i needed a car because i didnt have one and the reason for that was because my husband left in october and took the car and i couldnt offord to buy one, she took pitty on me and told me that the car was mine not only that but she would pay for my inurance and road tax for 5 years untill i get back on my feet (i couldnt thank her enough) she even said they will fill the tank with petrol before they brought it to my house! i was shocked and said "i cannot belive you are just giving me a car"! she said well my mum doesnt need it and she would rather give it to someone who needs it rather than sell it because she is pretty well off and worth almost 9 million ?'s (the area they are from is full of very rich people) so i didnt doubt it

i was crying at this point! i told her that it was my little boys birthday the following week and i said how much it will mean to him for us to be able to go out on his birthday (something we couldnt do without a car) he wanted to go to the sealife centre about 50 miles from where i live, she even said "just think next week you will have the car to take the kids to school instead of having to walk"

we agreed that she would drop the car off on saturday (today) and she asked me to email her my address which i did! she replied and said she is very happy to be able to give me the car, the last i heard was a email on monday that said i will call you on saturday morning to arrange delivery of your car, happy driving! they even deleted the add and replaced it with annother add that thanked everyone for their interest but the car had been rehomed!

during the conversation she gave me her mobile phone number which i kept and stored in my phone, i emailed on friday to find out if they had any idea of what time they had in mind for delivering the car (as i had to arrange my day around them comming) when i got no reply from the email i tried to call the mobile number but it said the number was wrong, i tried calling 3-4 times but it just wasnt connecting

saturday morning has come and gone and no phone call, its now 12.41pm and i still havent heard from them and i think that my suspicions of this being some sick practical joke are confirmed, i think it was so cruel what they did, leaving me and my kids to look forward to getting a car for a full week

so unfair! now i have to explain to them that there is no car and i have to tell my little boy who is only 4 that he cant go to the sealife centre now! hes going to be gutted!

i was sooo sure she was genuine and i still am sure she was but i think maybe they changed their mind

so not fair
LIZZIE- why would you say that?

I find it hard to believe you are a mother, let alone a grown woman.
Perhaps your story is just a sick joke, only you knows the truth
new york new york so good youve posted this about half a dozen times???????Mmmmmmm
So you gave a complete stranger your phone number and address and talked to her about personal details !!..Why would you believe someone who says you can have a free car AND  years tax and insurance..that should have set off warning bells before giving your personal details,nevermind telling the kids for them to be disappointed,sorry you have been well and truly taken for a ride.
you should be aware that you gave someone your address told them no man around  probely your work time beware of wolves in sheep clothes
There are no good people left in the world, we blame the media, family and democracy.
If this is how the story starts how does it end?  Why would someone give a car away for free? 

You gave a total stranger all your information, address, email, phone number. Dumb or what, they have probably stolen your bank account by now.
If something looks to good to be true, it usually is. You, like many others before you, have been stung. I don't want to add insult to injury but this was a really stupid thing to have done. Trusting, nice people like you are always made targets for this kind of scam and I'm sure no one would go to this amount of trouble and story telling for a simple practical joke. Please make sure you keep your house well locked up. Change your phone number, contact your provider for them to erase the number because your details will be linked to that number. These people now have your address and know many details about you. Aside from the obvious breaking and entering, they can now steal your identity as well as you're belongings. Unfortunate though this sounds there is a much more sinister problem underneath and suggest you contact someone for some help such as the police.
