How to convince your parents to let you get internet access on your laptop?
I really want (and sorta need) a laptop, but my parents said that I wouldn't have internet for a couple of years. They said, ' We have a family computer you can use for that ' I do have unlimited time on our family computer, but I want internet on my laptop (which involves getting a router) Also, I don't have a facebook, or anything like that, I'm a 4.0 student and won't do ANYTHING stupid if I had internet. I'm pretty sure they don't trust me because I'm a young teen (13). I don't watch anything wrong, I just want to be able to check my email (gmail), play some games (TOTALLY appropriate) watch youtube vids, like, ' How to make.... or How to do.... '  (don't have a youtube account, don't even have a good camera to film anything), search google for questions I might have, and actually do research for school work on my computer (w/out internet, I couldn't even do reports for school, they want me to use Microsoft word, but how can I make a report without researching the topic?)

Can you please come up with some more reasons? Thanks!
Also, I do take my laptop with me places, so, that means using the home computer is out of the question. What I'm meaning to say is I want a computer of my own, without my parents stuff crowding up the computer, me to have more privacy and to have mobility with a computer. Cen was right when she said ' it's actually the idea of having access to the internet without supervision', but I'm totally mature, I would call it fair if they limited my time on the internet on ALL the computers. I just want THEM to see that I'm mature now to have internet access without supervision.

There's these old-fashioned things called books.. you could take your laptop to the library and do research there. 

You could point out that in the past you have used the family computer responsibly and that isn't going to change. They are probably worried that away from supervision, you might do something you wouldn't otherwise.
If it's buying a router that your parents are opposed to, just buy a router yourself. If the expense of purchasing the router is the specific aspect that they object to -- rather than the Internet access itself -- then if you paid for the router yourself they wouldn't have anything to complain about. 

Routers are ridiculously inexpensive so I imagine even a full-time student could manage somehow to afford one.

I doubt, however, that it's the router, specifically, that your parents have a problem with; I think it's actually the idea of you having Internet access on your own computer that bothers them. If that's the case, then it's their network, so I can't ethically try to help you coerce them into letting you onto their network if they don't want you to. 

My best advice if they don't actually want you to have Internet access on any machine other than the shared family machine is to wait until you are legally an adult in your jurisdiction and then subscribe *under your own name* for your own Internet connection so that your parents would not have any legal liabilities whatsoever.
Firstly, as a parent myself of 4 teens, you can't ask anybody to give you adequate reasons to counter your parents decision. 
You say you have access to the family computer, so you can set up accounts for what you wish to do. Remember, 13 is still considered to be a minor, so you have to respect your parents and wait until they consider you old enough for whatever you want in life, or wait until you reach age of maturity.Your parents will have to, presumably, supply the laptop, router, software etc so just be patient with them. I am not trying to put a damper on your aspirations, but as a parent I understand their reasons.This is not the answer to your question, but a sensible, rational argument in favour of your parents.
