How does one get off of the "idiot's list"?
My email is constantly being flooded with obvious scams, spam and outright criminal enticement's telling me that I have money from a UN Fund as compensation, that some junior bankers needs my help in moving unclaimed founds in a foreign bank, that some dying widow wants to leave me her fortune so that I can use the founds for charities, some US soldier who has uncovered millions of dollars needs me to take shipment of the same so as to get it out of the Middle East, lawyers, barristers and even the FBI are supposedly sending me these ridiculous notices which I am certain some people actually fall for.

I don't even open them  as they are so obviously a con however, even though I mark them as spam they keep on coming...

How does one permanently get of this "idiot" list so as to no longer be bothered by such?

I've even written to Yahoo and informed them but received no reply (and I honestly think they may be in out the scams...)

Any suggestions are welcomed (and I don't give thumbs down however, I do not automatically give thumbs up either).

namaste

get a new email
you could go through every one of those emails and try to find a link to "unsubscribe" or something such, for the ones without one, all you could do then is email them back and hope they'll take you off their list.  Probably a lot easier just to get a new email address.
you set up immediate filters to block them and also you know at the bottom of things it says UNSUBSCRIBE? take a moment and do that remove yourself from their spamming. THere is an option at the top right of your email CLICK OPTION  go to filters and then copy n paste the @spamaddress what ever it says.. and ADD THAT so in future nothing come thru to your regular emails. look up help 
OPTIONS FILTERS AND FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS ITS EASY
Once on a spammer's list it is virtually impossible to get off.  They sell their lists to each other quickly and if they have ever gotten an indication that it is a legitimate email (you opened one once, two years ago) they mark it as valid and sell it at an even higher price.  The spammers love to help each other spam (for a profit).

You need to get a new email and a better filter.  That is really what it boils down to.
