Is there something I can do online to make money? no spam or scams... 18+?
Is there really something I can do on the internet to make money... fairly quickly.. no scams.. no pyramids... just seriously work.
I am willing to do like a webcamming or something along those lines........
what can I do...?
Not gonna stuff envelopes and if you spam this I will report
serious answers only

Sorry - nothing like that exists. Think about it - if these work at home scams were genuine, then there would not be 20 + million people out of work :]
You can resell stuff on eBay. Buy stuff in bulk, then sell it with a profit.
Hi from France ?

I think that doesn't exist Miss, sorry ...

Have a nice day,

Cat?
if you are willing to work as a webcam model... IT IS NOT TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE....
There is an awesome site that pays really well, you are in charge of how much you charge and what you do and when you work... everything.
Its 100% safe.
You can start working today..
All you need is a cam, computer and internet and you can start working... if you want to start immediately.. just go into the live help and ask them to approve you and they will bypass the rest of the people and help you.
You dont pay them anything, its not something where you have to pay to get paid, its a real site that is one of the top webcam sites.
Doesnt matter what size, color you are or what you look like. There is so many customers that there is always someone looking for what you have to offer.
Can be straight, gay, bi, transgender
There is room for everyone.
You get paid every 2 weeks, on time and never short. You can receive a bonus also.
Also, there is options for ONLY friendly cam chat... no nudity or naughty chat
You seriously get paid for having a good time.
I have done this for a few years, its my only job and I on average make $2500 working 4 days/nights a week.......
Also, you can have several model accounts and even have your other half join you and make a couples account and make a lot of money there also!!!!

http://registration.livejasmin.com/index.php?refererid=s_LetUsShowU

Its totally safe and you WILL make money if you go on
To earn any money working from home you must be able to get information from the internet. Then you can use that skill to learn new skills.
Being able to get information from the net isn't difficult, yet 95% of user aren't able to do it.
You start by typing keywords into search engines then you need to be able to focus your searches using common sense.
If you want to make money from home, . go for the internet business, which requires less of your time and the one that will not make you feel headache with web designing, or which require IT knowledge. Second, choose the internet based company which offer you the opportunity and at the same time giving you the convenience to start the business. Third, ch oose the business, which does not require big money to start it.
Search the engines for "affiliate work", "ghost writer", professional blogger" then read a lot and learn. Anything not on that line is likely to be a scam.
The only three things that have worked for me:

1) GPTHQ (the best free GPT site I've ever used)

2) eBay (the fees are a bit much but still good)

3) Google Adsense (if you have a blog or website with some OK traffic)

Hope these help; links in source :)
