LegalZoom: How Much to Copyright a Website?
I started to keep going on LegalZoom, but to avoid possibly having to pay for a copyright right away (just on a safe side,) I wanted to post this on Yahoo Answer. How much would it be from their site to copyright a website or name. If I have a model company, what would I need to copyright? Would I need to copyright the website or our name?

How much would it be for a trademark of our logo?

The legal ownership of a "work," which can take any of the following forms: written text, program source code, graphics images, sculpture, music, sound recording, motion picture, pantomime, choreograph and architecture. Before January 1, 1978, a work had to be published to be copyrighted. After that date, any work expressed in paper or electronic form is automatically copyrighted for the life of the author plus 70 years. Registration with the Copyright Office is not required, although it is beneficial if there are disputes later on. In the U.S., a copyright symbol is not mandatory, but recommended.

For works by an anonymous author or an author who uses a fictitious name (pseudonymous) as well as works "made for hire," such as a publication written by an employee of a company, the copyright lasts 120 years from date of creation or 95 years from date of publication, whichever is shorter. For more information, visit www.copyright.gov. See Creative Commons, copyleft, trademarks, DRM and image protection.
They will cost you alot more then doing it your self   Copy Rights for books, $35 to the Library of Congress Copy Rights Office on the Web. You can check it out for what you want of pay hundreds to someone else. They love when you dont want to help yourself and ask them.


Search ResultsU.S. Copyright Office
(Patents and Trademarks) Patents and Trademarks ¡¤ (Copyright Royalty Board) Copyright Royalty Board ¡¤ (More) U.S. Customs and Border Protection ...

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) - Forms - Contact Us
www.copyright.gov/ - Cached - Similar
