Could this be an internet scam?
I found this website where you can buy a replica of the chuck bass scarf, and you buy them off this guy called Willy Chan through Paypal..and I really really want to get one, they are $90...except because I am in Australia, and he is in USA...I am scared that it might be a scam and that I will get ripped off.
Do you think I should buy it? Or have you heard of him beofee? Do you know if he is reliable?

AVOID HIM LIKE THE PLAGUE.
Don't buy it
It is illegal to sell knock offs of any product. I would pass on it. If they are selling fake items they can't be trusted.
Well all clothing items come from china, and if anyone in USA sells em on ebay cheap its because they are getting it straight from the manufactures and not in the stores.

As long as you pay with paypal, you are protected. If item is not as described or knockoff you can dispute it with ebay to try and get your money back. If you and seller can't come to an agreement. 9 times out of 10 buyers will always win.

Start off by asking him a few questions to get comfortable with him, then put in your bid. once you make the payment he has to provide the tracking number.

If you do a search for that item and put in the word wholesale, you might find the site he buys it from straight out of china.

As for knock offs questions, if two items looks exactly alike with all the proper tags, and they all come from china or vietnam. One you buy in the store for say $100 bucks and one you can get cheap off of ebay. Both brand new. Which one would be knock off and why would it be knock off.

The one you get it the store real? why? because you paid $100? The one you get one ebay fake? why? because you paid a 3rd of the price? 

Lets say the company of this chuck bass scarf, where do you think they would go to get it made? Answer is china or vietnam. Why? outsource for cheap labor. China and Vietnam has all the blue prints for each and every clothing items you see in the stores they even have all the tags for each and every company, because it was given to them to make. And since their service is needed for these items and that they are in china and vietnam US copyright laws don't apply to them, so they can sell to however they want. Of course its cheaper then what we grew up to expect of such items. Because lets say $20 usd is like a month worth of food for them so on a so forth
IF any doubt, do not do it.
=
The seller may substitute a lsimilar item.
