What is the best way to promote your web hosting website?
Hello, I recently bought a reseller, and got a WHMCS trial licence for my hosting company, I've lowered the prices a lot, and I need ways of getting customers.

Can someone recommend me ways to get more customers, or sites that I can advertise on?

Thanks :)

post ur company's site an options here
http://forums.whirlpool.net.au/
put up adds at other websites, like places where people read manga online
open you a facebook, and a myspace dedicated to it. 
post on forums.. be a spammer, its annoying to the regulars, but it will get it started.

Sounds mean i know...   but i know from experience..
hi try putting it on link referral.it's free to do.if you've not heard of it the site has loads ofmembers looking to promote their sites etc.,they visit and review each others sites,its sorted by category so members choose the types of sites to visit so you're more than likely to get visitors who are genuinely interested in what you are offering.
Answer hosting questions on Yahoo Answers :)  

I offer hosting and I often view the board here for people with questions.  Then I give them and honest answer and leave my website in the source box.  When you reply to questions, leave comments on blogs, and post in forums your post will be seen for years to come by people looking around.  The more you post the more your site will be seen.

Other then that networking is the important part.  Talk to friends who have websites, post on craigslist, team up with someone who designing websites and offer them a bonus for any business they can send your way.

I was trying to run a blog about hosting but I haven't had the time to keep up on it.  However out of the 4 or 5 writes that are up one of them is based on this topic.  You can read the blog here... http://how-2-host.com/2009/04/21/top-3-ways-for-promoting-one%E2%80%99s-web-hosting-business/

There are other ways that you can increase traffic to your site by 1000's but I haven't seen anymore then 2 customers from those methods so I won't bother explaining them however if you want more input my email is djl@djlsolution.com, I'm always happy to talk marketing ideas.

Also, if your interested I offer reseller accounts also ;)

-Don
Reselling web hosting isn't an easy thing to make money , it may sounds but isn't at all , you need to advertise , and advertising a hosting business and pay per click its over $1.50 , do you have 100k to advertise ? and also you need affiliates , can you pay them ? 70$ per user they refer ?
can you give unlimited web hosting as other do ?

if you answer the above then you easily make money , if you cant then i advice you to stop now before you loose 3 4 hundred dollars , my husband have tried this before , and he is expert , but unfortunately this needs good funding , competitors are so strong ,
all i can say is good luck
Email hosting review sites and ask them to review your company.  You can get massive amounts of hits just by doing this. A good place to start is http://thehostjudge.com
