Ebay - Is the seller driving up their own price on this auction?
I contacted a seller in UK about a dress I wanted and asked them if they would ship Worldwide. They said yes and said shipping would cost 20.00 GBP which is about $31.00 or more for me. I wasn't expecting it to be so expensive since I buy from the UK often and I told her that. 

Anyways, knowing nobody would bid on a used dress with the shipping that high I decided to wait a few days before bidding. Shortly after I emailed her back about the cost, someone with 0 feedback bid 7.00 GBP, which made no sense. I outbid them and now it's been 2 days and they haven't bid again. I'm going to have to pay about $40.00 or more now all together. 

Did the seller bid on their own item? And what for?
Okay, thank you James C. I contacted ebay about it. Very good response. :)

Hiya,

I think you have answered your own question.

If you think that there is something dodgy going on, contact Ebay and tell them, then can find out who owns the second account and test to see if the owner is registered to both accounts.

The problem is though that you wanted to buy the dress, so you cannot really say that no-one else would be intrested in the same dress that you like - used or not.

Also we all have to begin an ebay account with No feedback and you cannot infer that this person is driving up their own price because the second account is a new one.

I am from the UK and tbh ?20 is a lot to send, I would have said that it wouls have been much lower than this.

So I would contact Ebay about the second bidder - they should be able to help you.

Finally if you think that this is the case - then why buy the item?  if you leave it to the second bidder and it turns out that the were the seller, well then they have to find a way of paying themselves through ebay without ebay finding out, and they will also have to pay fees for selling an item- it seems to me that its a risky manourvre to try for the sake of an extra ?20...
i agree with james and would also contact ebay as this seller may have two accounts 
i would stay clear off this seller
