Does anyone know of a background check site that's absolutely free?
Every site I've tried will find me results then say "pay blah blah blah for premium or standard for regular results" And nothing is free. I tried Been Verified but it's only a 7 day trial. Thanks for the help.

I have spent the last year researching and testing background check services for an online consumer review site (http://www.CompleteReviews.net ) and I can tell you that there are no free services for background checks.  These companies spend a ton of money just to access the information let alone the cost of setting up the sites and paying employees...

 The closest you will get to "free" is to find a site that is offering a low introductory rate.  I can tell you about one that will let you run unlimited background checks on as many people as you want for 4 days.  The cost is $4.95 which is pretty close to free.  If you 
want to access this service you can read more about it here... 

http://www.completereviews.net/unlimitedsearch.html 

Good luck!
There really isn't anywhere you can acquire a background check service for free, online or offline.. The only way is that if you have a cop friend or someone working in a background check agency. These companies and sites pay to get access to various databases and in turn charge you the information you require.. its a business after all.. 

Anyway, you can do some research on the person if you want, you can go to your local library, or do an online search for news articles, or social media profiles to find information on the person in question, but i doubt you'd get much information..
I have spent a lot of time researching how to perform a background check on people and discovered there are essentially two ways to do it.

The Free Way ¨C

You will first need some basic information on the person such as their full name and different counties they have lived in. Once you get this data, check out a list of the court houses in the areas the person has lived. The court houses will never give you any information on the phone so you need to go down and request the information in person.

Hopefully you have selected the correct court house which is storing the individuals records you would like to view (sometimes this can be a crapshoot). Some places will only let you look at the records at the court while others will make a copy for free or for a minor fee.

The Other Way ¨C

For folks who do not have the time to act like a private investigator, for a small fee you can access an online data base of public records which stores information on all citizens in all 50 states. While it¡¯s not free, for the amount of time it can actually save you the service is quite a bargain.

You can uncover a ton of information to perform a background check like criminal records, bankruptcies, tax liens, driving violations, marriages, divorces, and other court records.

The results can be obtained within minutes. The service also offers a full 60 day guarantee, so if you are unhappy you have two months to get a refund.

The service I have used with the most success is Spyspace - http://spyspace.org/

Simply enter their first and last name and get a free instant preview of the results.
