Need opinion...trying to sell on craigslist....?
Okay so I am not really used to the whole craiglist thing. But I have a flute that I really just want to get rid of to make some extra cash (it's much needed)...
Anyways someone...ONE person responded to me saying this...

Thanks for the response to my introductory email..I am pretty cool with the price and condition of the item and i am buying this item for my brother but my mode of payment will be the Most acceptable,safer and reliable means of payment which is United state certified money order...Also,i am going to add $40 to the price for you to withdraw the advert from site. Please do get back to me with your name and address and number so that payment can be sent to you as early as possible and i wil l have my shipper come to pick up the item once you receive and clear the payment.... And if you have a picture of the item kindly attached with your response so that i can have the picture on my laptop.


do you think this is fishy? i am a young 18 year old girl...i don't really want a "shipper" coming to my house...it could be anyone...what should i do, ignore the offer???
what should i do?

NEVER accept a payment being offered like that. Sometimes you get nothing at all, something you end up paying out money you don't want to.
Ignore it.  It's a scam.
It sounds strange.

Can't you have your father accompany you to a public place in the day time to meet with the buyer?
My dad always buys off Craigslist and most people don't sound like that. 
Email the guy back, saying you'd feel safer meeting at a public location, and bring a friend or parent along too. If he does not oblige then forget it, you ARE the seller and the BUYER should go along with YOUR terms if he wants it. It sounds almost like a spam letter. He doesn't once mention the flute or what item he wants to buy. He just uses the word "item" over & over. Sounds like a scam big time, but who knows. Email him back and see what's up! Never meet in someone else's house, and vice versa. Good luck!
I had a reply JUST like this when I sold things on Craigslist. Don't reply...if you do they'll just keep hounding you to go ahead and transfer the money, sell them the item, when can they pick it up, etc. It's a scammer. Don't even give them the time of day. Things to look for to tell if you're dealing with a scammer: They want to pay you or receive money via money gram, money order, bank transfer, etc. They need your shipping address to send you the money. They will "have their shipper pick up the item". They will pay you extra money to remove your ad from the website. They're located overseas.. (Every scammer I've had has been located in "Cameroon". Funny how EVERYONE who replies to my post is alwaysssss located in "Cameroon". Lol.)

Only deal locally with someone who can pick it up IN PERSON. It doesn't have to be at your house (I never let anyone come to my house--I'm to paranoid about giving out my address). I usually meet in a very public place where I know other people will be around, since this will discourage a "bad guy" from trying anything. They won't usually try to hurt you, rob you, etc. if they know others are around to witness. Think of a store near you that is always populated and you can meet there. (I usually meet in the parking lot of Target or WalMart).

Secondly, only accept CASH. No checks, no money orders...just cash. You'll get ripped off if you take checks. They'll bounce when you go to cash them (which just means someone wrote you a check for money they didn't have in the bank and now the bank can't cash the check).
