what internet browser is better and why?
I dnt want to use IE for an interbet browser anymore and my computer is running windows 7 what would be a good secure safe internet browser to run on my computer....Google Chrome? Opera? or Firefox? please let me no and thank you.

firefox is the way to go...it's safer and faster than any IE...others like google chrome or opera and saffari are not safe...go with firefox or even google chrome but its not as good
i use firefox and it works pretty sweet =).
if you use the safe browsing feature of google/firefox - then that is pretty safe - still have to be careful.

as for ie i never use it - i do not consider it safe at all.  not sure about opera.
Mozilla Firefox is the greatest browser of all time.
It comes down to personal taste. I use firefox because of the nifty themes and add ons, but both chrome and opera seem like solid browsers as well.
Dude,go with Opera! I've been using that internet browser and it runs great for me, can do lots of stuff, and it's pretty nice. :)
On Windows, Google Chrome is the fastest browser you can get with Firefox coming in a close second. I would personally choose Chrome because it doesn't take as long as Firefox to open when you've turned your computer on. Oh and studies show that the way it's designed makes it as secure as Firefox.

Hope that helps!
My coach has recommended Firefox for our online marketing team.

If you are doing a lot of looking for keywords and such, some of the freeware just works better in Firefox.

Diane
I think Firefox can render webpages faster that any other internet browser and its nearly identical to IE.

I just started using Chrome and it works well.  I can't tell a difference.  They layout is different that IE or Firefox.

Never used Opera except on mobile phones.

Download them both and see what you like.  They're free and hardly take up any space
Apart from IE, I use Opera and Google Chrome. IE sucks as we all know. Between Opera and Chrome, I would have to say Chrome wins hands down. I used to only use Opera but after installing Chrome, I rarely use Opera. Web pages open remarkably fast on Chrome even with a slow internet connection. Even if any P2P software is running in the background, hogging all the bandwidth, Chrome still manages to open pages without any problems. 

The only problem with Chrome is that download resume is supported but it often doesn't work for me even if the website I am downloading from supports resume function. Sometimes files will not download completely in case of temporary disconnection or downtime and instead of showing a error, Chrome shows the download as finished. That's why I mostly use Opera for downloading but otherwise Chrome is by far the best.

I never used Firefox and can't comment on it.
Firefox is the best browser because they have a lot of add-ons such as ad blocking etc...
