Anyone Know any good Cybering Chats and/or forums?
Anyone know any good cyber roleplaying forums and/or chats that are active?

Omegle, you might have to fish around a few people, but youll definatly find someone.
http://en.netlog.com/
On Netlog, you can create your own account with pictures, blogs, a guestbook, and much more. You can find people from your area, expand your friends network, or find people having the same interests as you.

Your own profile on Netlog
with pictures
a blog and a guestbook,
and a large friends network!

http://www.friendster.com/
Online adults, 18 and up, choose Friendster to connect with friends, family, school, groups, activities and interests. Friendster prides itself in delivering a clean, user-friendly and interactive environment where users can easily connect with anyone around the world. Friendster has a growing portfolio of patents granted to the company on social networking.

http://www.smallaa.com/
Smallaa helps you bring relevancy to your social interactions by enabling you to follow the most interesting aspects of your friends. The feeds in your multiple social networking sites are combined at Smallaa. Everything you post at Smallaa will automatically goes to those websites. When you and your friends post to different topic of interests, you get to pick and follow what really interests you from them.

http://www.kaneva.com/
Kaneva is the first virtual entertainment world that unifies the 2D web with a 3D experience. Kaneva is the first to integrate social networking, shared media, and collaborative online communities into a modern-day, immersive 3D Virtual World.
Latin for canvas, Kaneva¡¯s mission is to enable its members to have fun, express their interests and passions, and establish meaningful, real connections with others.

http://www.ipernity.com/
With Ipernity you can:- Publish whatever you like : blog, photos, videos, audios- Customize your own Ipernity page (like at Myspace)- Share what you want with people who matter to you or with the whole world- Create a powerful page with only the stuff that matters to you

http://multiply.com/
Multiply gives you an easy way to share all kinds of digital media, including photos, blogs, videos, music and more, all in one convenient place: your own personal web site. With Multiply, you can share and discuss your stuff with everyone in your "social network," and also be alerted whenever they have something new.

http://omegle.com/
Omegle is a brand-new service for meeting new friends. When you use Omegle, we pick another user at random and let you have a one-on-one chat with each other. Chats are completely anonymous, although there is nothing to stop you from revealing personal details if you would like.

http://www.tinychat.com/
With TinyChat you can create your own chatroom and invite people through one simple link.

http://www.chatroll.com/
Chatroll is a place to create and share live interest groups. It¡¯s a diverse and growing collection of groups created by people like you. Can¡¯t find your group? No problem, just create your own! It¡¯s an easy and unique way for you to connect with people and share your interests.

http://www.anybodyoutthere.com/
Search online chat partners and find people from around the world to talk with, filter by areas of interest, age, gender and location.

http://www.onlyChat.com
One-to-one chat with random users, no registration needed and completely anonymous.

http://www.sodahead.com/
Create and vote on public opinion polls, share knowledge and express opinions in a dynamic social community.
A place to ask questions, voice opinions and find friends.
I just started one up for general discussion mostly revolving around entertainment of all sorts. I just started it yesterday, so it's still pretty new but I think that once it builds a strong user base I might get a domain for it. It'd be cool to see ya there.

http://www.decadia.freeforums.org
