is there any way to do this?
is there anyway to get on twitter on a blocked computer.
and i dont want anyone saying no just wait til you get home because i am at home.
i do cyberschool and the teachers said there is a block on the computer but you older kids no how to get pass it so if you do thats fine as long as your school work is done so ..........................but anywho i was hoping there was a really good proxies for twitter.




also if u have one for youtube that would be great.
actually no it have been using proxies on this computer for 2 years now. so i think they would have been known if i was doing something
`again no they cant i am in cyberschool and it is my computer the only way they can see what i am doing is if they remote connect onto my computer and they can only do that when i call them and need help with a problem. and even then they cany open any of my programs or folders without MY permission because it is my computer so just give some proxie answers instead of all of what ur posting

It will almost certainly be recording where you go and sending this information to the school IT. They will not be happy when they see you have been mis-using THEIR machine.
School IT staff maintain a 'banned' list that they add Proxies to on a regular basis (often once a week)

So whatever proxy you discover here (or anywhere else for that matter) will get banned sooner or later .. the older kids are just switching proxies faster than the School IT are banning them ..


PS School IT staff monitor who is doing what .. when they discover you are wasting time visiting 'banned' sites they can tell your Parents (so better watch out which PORN site you visit :-) ) ... if they get really annoyed at you they can set up a 'script' that 'drops' your internet connection at random intervals (say half way through updating your face-book wall).. or even suspend your log-in account whilst the Teachers explain why you are not allowed to visit banned sites ...
Yes they can. Directly accessing your computer is not the only way of knowing exactly where you've been and what you've been doing when THEY manage the network. You are using THEIR network, they actually do have the right to know what you're doing with it. It doesn't have anything to do with any of the apps or files on your computer.

Sorry I can't help you though, just saw this and thought I'd mention that.
yeah  just use a prxy there great they can keep u private and u can do all u want here r some of them:http://myinternetsi tes.info ,  http://dont- block.info, http://xptunnel.info ,  xiud.info
Facebook, Myspace and other Proxy address that changes daily.

Today's address (3/1) is: 184.73.22.3 port 80

Get the daily free proxy address here:


http://www.wildtunnel.com
http://www.ippredator.com
http://www.countersurf.com
http://www.personalvpn.biz
