Some sites where I can talk to strange anonymously?
I'm kind of now into the meet people online without seeing your face, so I don't want anything where you see their faces. My friends have been on a couple of those and met some weirdooos! Lol. I've already tried omegle.com, but are there any others?
Thanks to anyone who does take this answer seriously.

Forever&Always <3
July
*Some sites where I can talk to STRANGERS anonymously

You might want to get aquainted with  IRC chat. Its bigger than you can imagin..
omegle.com
Omegle.com 

The site page is a chat screen and the top says "Talk to Strangers"
you can click "begin chat" and a random person whose name on it is "stranger" says hi and you talk.
(to them you are called stranger) completely anonymous. and you can get people from all around the world and ask all types of questions about where they live!
http://omegle.com/
Omegle is a brand-new service for meeting new friends. When you use Omegle, we pick another user at random and let you have a one-on-one chat with each other. Chats are completely anonymous, although there is nothing to stop you from revealing personal details if you would like.

http://www.tinychat.com/
With TinyChat you can create your own chatroom and invite people through one simple link.

http://www.chatroll.com/
Chatroll is a place to create and share live interest groups. It¡¯s a diverse and growing collection of groups created by people like you. Can¡¯t find your group? No problem, just create your own! It¡¯s an easy and unique way for you to connect with people and share your interests.

Whether you¡¯re looking to promote your own content, share relevant content with a group of people, or just chat and have fun, Chatroll is the new and exciting way to do it.

http://www.anybodyoutthere.com/
Search online chat partners and find people from around the world to talk with, filter by areas of interest, age, gender and location.

http://www.onlyChat.com
One-to-one chat with random users, no registration needed and completely anonymous.
You can try Myspace, Twitter, facebook, and the chathouse.com
aol has some bizarre chat rooms
http://chat.aim.com/
