How to download the internet?
Hey I have 6GB of internet usage a month, I've got about 2GB left this month and I've got tons of stuff to do on the internet. I consider myself pretty tech savvy but I just can't find a website where I can download the internet. I've got 2GB of usage left and like 100GB of hard drive space so size won't be an issue I just wanna download it all now so I don't just load pages wasting tiny bits of usage all the time just download it all at once so I can use the internet without wasting usage. Anyone know any website? Where I can download the internet?
@Another Me you are an idiot LOL you spelt USB wrong haha and yes ive got like two 500mb usbs
@ThirdQED I didn't ask for some troll that doesnt know shit I asked for an answer if you dont have one go back to your basement.

I think you would need a bit more than 100GB to download the internet, more like a few PBs.  If you don't know what a PB is then perhaps you're not as tech-savvy as you thought you were.

EDIT:  I didn't mention USB anywhere in my original answer, and USB is irrelevant anyway as no existing USB device could store the internet.

Let's look at your question a bit closer - you want to find a website, which resides on the internet, from which you can download the internet.  So once you find this website, which I remind you is ON the internet, you want to download the internet, but as that website must also be a part of the internet you intend to download it too, thus you enter an infinite loop requiring an infinite amount of space as you download the internet from a website which must include the internet (or a link to download it) ad infinitum.
As you have a small cap if you download this small free program. 

It¡¯s only 1.15 MB ?

http://www.hootech.com/NetMeter

You can set it with your cap. It will show a running display of your usage [all up and downloads] and keep running logs on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. It will also, work out daily what you have left for the rest of the month and how much you can use each day. It will also warn you when you are approaching that limit.

It will also give some idea how fast your using your limit.

Have a look at Screen Shots in the left hand column on the Home Page and you will see how it works.
Download the internet? No offence but do you have any idea at all on how the internet works, what it's made up of. There are Millions of terabytes of information floating around the world wide web. Millions of sites hosted on millions of servers and you want to save it all on  two, 500mb usb sticks. Let me just inform you that there is no answer to this question except you're are uninformed and crazy. Please think about this for a second before you start giving people hell for not teaching you how to do the impossible. You've made a farcical request and proved beyond a doubt that you are NOT tech savvy. Far from it in fact.
