If you want to sell something on ebay how do you give it to them?
Like how are you supposed to know where to send it... do you just put it in the post?? What if they dont get it or something and what do you wrap it in? Im confused lol

I think you need to read the Ebay tutorial on selling, you don't appear to have the first idea of what it involves and so will only run into trouble as there are many pitfalls. 

For a start you need a credit card as there are several fees involved in selling; insertion fees, final value fees and fees to accept a Paypal payment. Insertion fees have to be paid even if the item doesn't sell and Ebay deduct them automatically off your card once a month. If you are selling a low value item it might not be worth it after all the fees have been. paid. 

Its simple enough to start selling on Ebay but there are lots of stages; you photograph your item, upload the photo to your computer then list the item on Ebay either as a "buy it now" sale or an auction where you put a low starting amount and people bid, either over 1,3,5,7 or 10 days, you decide the duration.  You need to weigh the package carefully when its wrapped up and work out how much its going to cost to post. You add this to auction listing and submit the listing. 

Then hopefully somebody buys your item and you send them an invoice to pay you. Paypal is the most widely accepted method of payment so you need to have a Paypal account. When they pay the money goes into your Paypal account and you post the item to them.  It gives their address to send the item quite clearly don't worry. When they receive it and are happy they leave positive feedback for you. If they are not happy they will message you and let you know what is wrong. You can only leave positive feedback for them. 

Its up to you to package it carefully and obtain proof of posting at the post office which you can scan/photocopy and send to the buyer if the item goes astray. Some sellers only use Registered post which is more expensive (the buyer has to pay for this) but you have proof that you sent the item, some buyers lie and say it hasn't arrived and this causes a lot of hassle.
