need ebay help please ?
I bought a product on the weekend and it was meant to be sent by 1st class post, the week went past and it didn't come, i emailed the seller to ask when they had sent it and so when to expect it by, they replied yesterday night(friday) and said they had sent it on tuesday so should arrive soon, though i feel it should have come by thursday or friday atleast, ive never had this problem before, anyway the product arrived today and on the stamp it says yesterdays date- does this mean the seller had lied and only sent it off yesterday and this is why they waited to reply yesterday night? does this mean negative feedback or anything else ?
i emailed wednesday he replied yesterday night

The date on the stamp is the date that the package was processed by the post office sorting machine. Unless the post office kept the parcel for a couple of days before processing it, the package was sent yesterday..
Depending on how busy the seller is, he may have thought he sent it.I wouldn't leave negative feedback.But I would leave low marks on the speed of shipping comments.
Sounds like either an oversight on the seller's part or perhaps he had to wait for stock to arrive before he could post it.
He seems to have done the right thing as soon as you enquired about it and as long as the product is good there seems no harm done.

People do make small mistakes and try to cover them up - it's just being human (or is it Human Being?)

I think negative feedback should be for something a bit more serious, as you're affecting the Seller's reputation.

EDIT

I've just noticed the 1st Class post bit, -so maybe you could ask him to refund the extra post cost before you give any feedback. - it might incentivize him! 
If you don't get it then follow Mike's advice about lateness points.
Its quite common for someone who is selling a number of items to take them all in at once at the end of the sales. Then when someone emails they panic and send it, there and then, hoping to avoid bad feed back and a disgruntled customer. I shouldn't worry about it. I sometimes wait a couple of weeks for stuff. It doesn't rate giving them bad feedback. Just send them a message suggesting that they warn people that they only post once a week. That should be enough.
