Internet Explorer isn't working although I have internet connection?
Okay, for some reason, my internet explorer isn't working. When i try 2 open it i get the usual "Internet Explorer cannot display the webpage." Firefox works just fine but without internet explorer some of my programs are acting up. i tried re-installing IE but still, same problem. =( any suggestions?

Hello ,

  Remove completely your Antivirus software . You will need to properly remove by using the "Removal Tool" found at the Antivirus Website . Add or Remove Programs will not properly remove . Then install the IE8 again . Right after the IE8 install , be sure to install your Antivirus and run a Full System Scan after updating the Antivirus .
I was going to sugest re-installing IE, you stole my answer!

Have you tried resetting the browser in options to its origonal settings? Although this would do the same as re-installing it...

Not something silly like it has Working Offline ticked? :)

My next option is removing other browsers then removing IE until it is back it IE 6 and see if it works then?

Then I would say hell with it and re-install Windows ;)
Mine isn't working either.
My computer made me upgrade my windows through Microsoft genuine or something.
before that my internet explorer wouldn't even open.
Now it opens, but when i type in an address it won't load and it gets frozen.
I'm using Firefox right now too.

It sucks.
Did you use an antifilter or proxy ? If it is so, try to change your proxy settings from Tools | Internet Options| Connections| settings. In the "settings" dialog box, remove the tick from "proxy server" check box. Then click OK and try to use IE again.
What version of Internet Explorer are you using? If you are not running Internet Explorer 8, try downloading it from here: http://www.microsoft.com/windows/internet-explorer/default.aspx?ocid=ie8_sm_a  

If you are running IE8, try enabling compatibility mode. It is the broken page icon next to the refresh button on the toolbar. Here¡¯s a good resource from the IEBlog that talks about compatibility mode in detail if you¡¯d like to learn more: http://blogs.msdn.com/ie/archive/2009/02/16/just-the-facts-recap-of-compatibility-view.aspx 

If that doesn¡¯t work, run IE in No Add-ons Mode.  Go to Start -> All Programs -> Accessories -> System Tools -> Internet Explorer (No Add-ons) - If this fixes the issue, then go to Tools -> Manage Add-ons and enable the add-ons one by one to find which one was causing the problem. 

You can also try resetting Internet Explorer's settings by going to Tools > Internet Options and then the "Advanced" tab, and click "Reset..." 

I hope this solves your problem!

Cheers,

Bryn
IE8 Outreach Team
