Would I be at risk of being tracked down by the federal bureau investigation even I use an different name ?
I'm just a little scared of being tracked by the FBI because I have done some stuff I'm not supposed to. I think there are people watching me because I've noticed some guys in Black Suits have looked at me constantly in Wal Mart in the electronics section. I make Copys of DVD Movies for home use only and I only use it at home. I only make copies of the movies that i liked but because of the economy and my parent's budget I can't buy the DVDS I liked. I'm in college and I don't have a job and can't afford getting a job because most of my classes are taking up most of my time. I'm actually using a different name online when I'm asking this question, This is not my real name but the first letter of my real name is the same. Trust me, If i had real money I would buy the DVDS. Would the FBI be able to track me down if i use a different name ?? Some people say that when my computer searches for updates it sends my computer information and usage info away, is that true ??? Can anyone please help me out ?? I actually like making copies of DVDs because it's fun but i also have guilt when I'm making them because I can't afford them, I would buy about 4 movies in a year but make a lot of copies.

Calm down dude, the FBI will NOT track you down for using a different name online. It's like getting arrested for telling somebody on an online chatroom that your name is Samuel, even if your name is Mark.
Lawl no offense but your being a bit paranoid....for 1 each day 1 million movies are being downloaded/pirated/copied and the FBI has no intrest in someone who does this shit and yes they can track you,.. If you hacked their database(which Is almost completely impossible)(unless you meet someone who work the security cyberdine---that would be the only way) so yeah if you did the FBI/CIA would track you so fast you would not be able to turn of your comp and then on top off that they will catch you send you to jail perhaps the rest of your life including the leak who told you how to hack it...no the FBI is 100% not on your tail or whatever it's just your imagination...the only people that would be is homeland security(doubtfully anways) and the FFA and possible the local police and at anyrate they would not just watch you if they were on to you they would arrest you and fine you 25k-50k or possible up to 15 years in jail but even the possiblitys of them catching you do this are like 2.5% which is extremely low
