If I share internet connection with someone can they access my browsing history?
I am talking about two different computers sharing the same internet provider. Thank you in advance.

no, only the browsing computer can only view its own history, there is probably a program that can view what the other is doing, i believe vista has this capability for the administrator... i.e. parental controls
the only way i know of that they can access your internet history is if your computer is under the management of their computer.  also if they hack into your system they can run a certain software that can scan your hard drives and tell them what you have deleted and what is stored on there.  your internet history would be part of that.  if you guys are sharing a direct connection as well, meaning if your compter is hooked up directly to their computer to share resources and even be able to work as one computer.  then definitely they can see everything you have... unless you have specifically isolated your own account and have administrator privilages that will not allow anyone to access your account.  there are also some settings you can activate once you have this private account, that will keep your browsing history private.

the best thing to do is always delete your browser history.  always.  as soon as you get online and as soon as you get offline.  don't bring any trash don't leave any trash.

but don't forget, you can still be hacked.  


and things are never trully deleted.  the only way to really get rid of any info you want to delete is to burn it... lite=ally.   burn the hard drive... to ashes... not like just melted... completely dust... thats the only 100% effective method against the humans.  

did you like that last part... lol... the humans.   lol... oh comeon everyone knows the aliens have a time machine and can go kback and actually see what happenned... they don't need to hack you.  lol... only stupid humans do, yeah and aliens that are just new to the spacetravel thing.  lol   

take it easy, and just stay away from anything you arent willing to tell the people you love.
