What besides Facebook?
I am sick of facebook all the issues - I am bored at facebook. Is there something else on the web that is a bit more interesting to do? Any suggestions?
O and My Space, Bebo etc all the other social site is almost the same as facebook just as pointless!!
Another thing when I was a teenager there weren't something like My Space even, Facebook is just a drag!!

myspace
There's always MySpace.  Check that out.  I've heard of a site called Chat Roulette.  Check them out if you like.
is face book not 'cool' anymore?

first all those teenage drama queens use myspace, then moved to facebook cause I guess myspace got uncool. now you dont like facebook?

wtf? get a life
Yes there is.. :) try this www.hobbycard.com - its a place to connect with other using hobbies!.. its beta and is a little buggy.. but needless to say has awesome potential!
You never know if you are bored until you've tried these websites:

1. http://www.addictinggames.com - one of the best free gaming websites that I have seen to date on the internet. There are HUNDREDS of fast, easy, and fun games that one can play on this site.

2. http://answers.yahoo.com - This website is the best way that I have found to pass the time away. All you have to do is have a desire to help other people out with their questions and that's all you have to do :) Pretty fun and easy :)

3. http://www.facebook.com - This is one of the best ways that I have found for somebody like you to keep in contacts with all of their real life friends, and it is a really fun place to be. This is definitely one of the better sites to waste some time on :)

4. http://www.livejournal.com - If you like journaling, then you will absolutely LOVE this site! This site gives you your own journal as well as the means to write in it and say exactly what you want. Other people can see your blog and it is one of the better blog sites out there :)

5. http://www.kongregate.com - If you like playing online games, then this site is another good gaming site that also has in-game chat with lots of other people.

6. http://www.youtube.com - This site has hundreds of thousands of videos that you can watch to whittle away the time that you have on the Internet. There are many great videos on this site that can really capture your attention.

7. http://www.runescape.com - This MMORPG has hundreds of thousands of players playing it simultaneously, and it has a lot of content, which means you won't get bored fairly easy.  Registration is needed, but is free :).

8. http://maplestory.nexon.net - This MMORPG has literally millions of players that play it, has an amazing amount of content, has a great support system, and is very fun to play with your friends :D.  Registration is needed, which is free, and a massive download is also required, but is also free.  Only choose this option if your Internet is fast enough to download a 1.078GB file!

Hope this helps give you quite a few ideas to help you from becoming bored :)

