Any advice on how to order a mother's day present without parent's knowing?
So I want to get this cool personalized sweatshirt for my mom for Mother's Day. Only problem is, since I'm buying it online, they will have to ship it to our house. And since the online store I'm buying it from doesn't provide tracking numbers, the only idea I have of when it will come is in the 3-5 day window UPS guarantees. So I'm kind of in a fix. I could be out or at school when the sweatshirt comes, and my parents would open it (they open everything), ruin the suprise, and get me in trouble for ordering something online.

Any tips/advice for this? (Please don't say I shouldn't be buying stuff online/without their permission, I obviously know that)

I also can't really send it to the nearby post office, since I don't have a car...

If it is mailed to you in your name, your parents shouldn't open it. You could ask your dad to try to cover for you. You should maybe tell your mom that there is something arriving in the mail and do not open it because it is for you on Mother's Day. I've ordered online dozens of times, and I have never had a problem. I ordered my PC that way, my printer, all my shoes, a table saw, stereo speakers, PC speakers, space heaters, books, memory for PC, headphones, vacuum cleaner, modem/router, sound card, coffee maker, shirts, mattress cover, food, vitamins, cosmetics, and so on. I buy from Amazon about half the time, but I shop at lots of places. I always find a very good price, and that is mostly why I buy online (great selection/ quality products being the other) although once in a great while I don't love what I have bought and wish I had seen it in person. That has happened once or twice, but it's no big deal. I have very good antivirus so I don't worry about ordering online. I even bank online. So try not to worry about it. Good luck; I hope your mom loves it.
Buying online is a cinch these days, remember that we are living in the 21st century! Just make sure that the site that you are buying from is HTTPS secure which means that this should show up in the address bar (HTTPS). 

As for your shipping problem, either ask your dad for help, or have it mailed under your name and then "care of" to your friends house where they can keep it for you and no one will have to know.

An example of how to send this is:
Your Name, 
C/O friends name
1234 anystreet, state
USA
Zip

But while we are on the subject of personalized gifts, why settle for just a sweater if you are going through all this trouble? I would go for some personalized jewelry that will make your mother really happy, and will remind her of her great kid(s) that got her this present. Something along the lines of this:
http://mynamenecklace.com/Products.aspx?p=218&m=218&smt=981682

or this specific item:
http://mynamenecklace.com/Product.aspx?p=2169&m=218&smt=981682

this category has lot's of mom themed items, so you are sure to find something there. Plus they are rather inexpensive so you can find something that will fit your budget.

Good luck!
