PLEASE help! omegle, im scared!!!!?
HELP! a friend of mine was messing around on omegle from my comp for fun and was talking about sexy stuff with some person who claimed she was 14 female and then the person said "wanna know a seeeecret? im really chris hansen from dateline NBC and ive been tracking you IP address and im reporting you to police." 

I DIDNT DO ANYTHING WRONG I SWEAR AND IM REALLY SCARED

is it somebody just messing with me? could this really happen that they track my ip through omegle and something happens? PLEASE HELP
omegle is an anonymous chat thing. please go check it out before you answer the question

i have no idea what omegle is, but its defiantly possible to locate someone through their IP address. However, ussually when your surfing the web you will have an IP mask, which blocks your true identity.

not only that, but if you have someones IP, then a savvy hacker can gain access to your computer. I've done that multiple times before; its quite funny hijacking your friends computer...
LOL I doubt it I bet it was someone just trying to scare you.
First of all, people can't get your IP off of Omegle.

Secondly, you have no profile, they don't know whether you are a guy or a girl, 10 or 70.  

Thirdly, dateline NBC doesn't use Omegle to hunt down predators.

Fourthly, Chris Hansen is only the host, he doesn't do any of the actually chatting.

So don't worry, your 'friend' isn't in any real trouble, it was just someone messing around with you.  In fact I tell people to "Have a seat over here" when ever they try to start up that kind of chat with me, just to screw with their minds and let them know I'm not interested.  Though keep this in mind and learn from it.  That is really not the kind of behaviour you want to be participating in because it could get you into real trouble in the future.
It sucks to be you right now!
If I were you, I would call NBC and tell them that you were simply joking around. 
Otherwise, you could be in serious trouble
