How do a Postal Order work on eBay?
im buying a iphone off ebay and do not want to make a paypal account so wondering how a postal order works, i need to pay the person around ?140 thanks for ur help :)

well you goto the post office ask for a postal order to be made out, its NOT free. 
this works the same as a cheque almost but its instant cashable its the same as a bankers draft. 
you would then send this via post to the seller, and then they would send you the product eg iphone.
OK make sure it's crossed so they have to put it into their bank account
Paying by postal order is like paying by cheque, you go to the post office and buy the postal order from them, they charge for postal orders by the way.  You then send the postal order to the other person.  When they get the postal order, they take it to a post office and exchange it for cash to the value off.

It's safer than cash, but not as safe as a cheque.
A Postal Order is very much like a cheque, you can buy them from a Post Office and you just complete the recipients name and cross them like a cheque...they then have to pay them into an account....be prepared to pay a fee on each Postal Order that you buy - it won't come to exactly ?140
You pay for the postal order @ the post office they charge a couple of pounds you then send to the person but i think it would be safer to do it through pay pal as its allot of money to lose.
DONT DO IT

Paypal is your only safe way to pay online or using a credit card with insurance.

A postal order means you go to the post office, buy the order for the value you need with the sellers name on it, you then post that order to the seller. ( Use recorded post).

STILL DONT DO IT

Why is it unsafe ,

Would you send a random bloke XXX amount in the hope they send a phone?
If you have paypal and they do not send you can claim the money back, you cannot with a postal order.

If you pay with a postal order and they do not send the phone you have lost your money. Same applies with cash in the post.

Use paypal, if you dont have paypal don't buy an expensive item unless your willing to risk losing your money.
A postal money order is like a cheque.
It's a guaranteed means to deliver funds.
You pay a small fee for the service.
There is no protection for you, other than the receipt.
If you send a money order, you are trusting the seller to deliver the goods.
(I have done this on occasion, but do be aware of the issue.)
Buy the postal order from the post office and use it as a cheque and send it off
Does the seller accept Postal Orders?  Many don't and with good reason. 

Personally I wouldn't recommend using Postal orders at all for Ebay goods. There are so many pitfalls. What if you send the postal order and the seller says it doesn't arrive?  It may well have arrived safely and they may have cashed it and be lying but the onus will be on you to prove you bought the postal order and they will not send the items. What a pain. I buy and sell regularly on Ebay and refuse to accept postal orders any more. 

It works both ways, buyers swear they posted the postal order to me and it never arrives. How do I know they really did post it?  They think I am lying and did receive it, I think they are lying and never posted it. I do not post their item if I don't receive payment. 

Just get a Paypal account, much easier. Steer clear of postal orders.
You will have no protection if you do not receive the phone; or it is fake or broken.You will lose your money and maybe not even get the phone.
 
ONLY use Paypal for high value items like this; and I bet your Seller is a private Seller, and will have 'no returns' and 'not responsible for lost in post' etc..
