What is the best internet browser to use?
i just updated my computer and now it is asking me what internet browser i want to use, i have been using internet explore so far, 
but i was just wondering if anyone knew the pros and cons of a few of the internet browsers out there?

i use the internet mainly for watching videos, and playing games, and occasionally for reading things, 
if anyone knows of the best browser for me, please let me know.

Chrome or Safari.

WebKit is the BOMB.
Having used all, Internet Explorer, Safari, and FireFox, I personally like FireFox the best. They all have their pluses and pit-falls (except for Internet Explorer -- I seem to like it the least), but overall, I think FireFox beats the competition.
Google crome is awesome
For social networking you should try Flock.
For everything else, I tend to use Opera.
Google Chrome!
Chrome!!
Given that you're using IE right now, I'm going to assume you have a Windows PC... since IE hasn't been available on Mac since version 5.  ;)

Safari is good on Mac, but the Windows version kind of sucks.  I'd go with either FireFox or Chrome (my personal preference is FireFox, but that's just a matter of opinion... both are good browsers).  Anything is better than IE.
1 Firefox
2 Opera
3 Safari
I will advise you to use mozila firefox, for is the best.
I Suggest Google chrome or apple safari.
Internet explorer is good for playing games
If you are happy and comfortable using Internet Explorer stick with it.

All browsers basically do the same job = access to the web.

If you are feeling adventurous you can try all the alternatives and decide for yourself.
google chrome or opera mini
hello
Try Google Chrome - The Best by Far  -  http://www.google.com/chrome.
If you do not like Chrome, Try Firefox  -  http://www.mozilla-europe.org/en/firefox/

Have a good day :-)
Chrome and the newly released Opera 10.5 are THE best.
Opera 10.5 is the fastest browser along with chrome..It also sports a great number of features.
Chrome is just soo simple and fast.
Firefox!
Google Chrome is very good
It is simple, fast and easy to use
It also saves your history and has good features like Windows Internet Explorer
You can personalise it with a design
mozila firefox
