i bought something from ebay and it came in today. I dont like it. how do i return it?
i need to no how i can return it back to the person i bought it off of
they gave me a dead line if i want to return it!!!

You can't....
you'd need to email them and ask but they don't have to take it back just because you "don't like it"
you might try contacting ebay and seeing if they can somehow send it back.
It happens...lol First when you bid on something make sure you always check with the seller about their return policy. A lot of sellers don't except returns. If they do, or if you are not sure, email the seller, explain the situation, and see if they will work with you on a return. A lot of times they will within 7 days of receiving the item, but they usually ask you to pay for shipping it back. Be careful to not make a habit of returning. You can earn a bad buyer rep and some people will choose not to work with you. Good luck

Oh yes and if they won't except it, there isn't much you can do except put it back up for sale on ebay yourself.
emai the seller and tell them what you are displeased with and that you are going to return the item,make sure in the original add there is no NO RETURN clause,
What is their return policy? Contact the seller, politely, and ask them. Each seller works differently. Just remember, you catch more flies with honey than vinegar, so please try to be nice to work with. It's a lot easier and faster if you can work it out with the seller amicably rather than having to do a complaint with ebay or paypal. If all else fails then you can complain to ebay or paypal, though. If they accept your return nicely then still leave them nice feedback, say about their great customer service. Rating them 5 stars on everything is very important. Even a 4 rating on any of the stars hurts them. Good luck!
Go back to the listing of the item you bought. Toward the bottom of the listing should be the sellers return policy. Keep in mind this is not like buying from a store. The seller is a person - they can not afford to refund money and shipping and pay for you to ship it back because you don't like it. 
Do the right thing. Sell the item on ebay or at a yard sale. 
By the way you did not buy FROM EBAY you bought from a person on ebay.
If you purchased from a Business Seller on ebay the DSR's (Distance Selling Regulations) allow you to send back to the seller for NO REASON whatsoever (it's called the cooling off period- usually 7 days to notify them of your intention to do so) This is UK/EU Regulations(US must have something similar?)
So in essense a Business Seller is not allowed a 'No Returns' policy; if he has then he is breaking the law.
Firstly contact the Seller and ask if he will accept a return (you will have to pay for its return)
He should then legally refund all of your original payment and original P+P.within 30 days.

If doing a Paypal claim you would have to proove it was (SNAD) Significantly Not as Described and it probably is not.
Ebay Resolution Centre could then be more help.

If purchased from a Private Seller- you can only ask; but they are not obliged to refund you either P+P.

Either way in future either check their returns policy in case you might not like something; or only Buy from Business sellers where you have more rights
