world maths day 2010 can't sign in.?
Can anyone sign into worldmathsday2010 website? It is no longer working for me this afternoon
The website works it it just the sign in button.

Try clicking on the following link, sweetheart ... and I offer that as a general term of endearment.  It is NOT intended to be offensive, obnoxious, condescending, or sexist ... though, I must admit, I have yet to use it to an adult male, apart from my own two grown up sons and one of their friends who I've unofficially 'adopted'.  It works for me on both Mozilla Firefox 3.6 and Internet Explorer 8.
LOL to that guy :L and yeah, im havin the same problem :(
Nope, I can't log in either. It was working about an hour ago and now the sign in bar in the top right hand corner has frozen so I can't log in. I know this isn't really answering the question, just letting you know you're not alone!
Strange.  Sign-In bar is dead, defunct, not working.
=
http://www.worldmathsday.com/2010/Default.aspx?
same here! suddenly the sign in button doesn't operate anymore!! mine happened just an hour ago.
Just tried to log in for my daughter, and it is still not working.  Anyone got any ideas?
Sign in greyed out for my daughter too!?? any ideas?
when you click on the student or school register it says registration is closed for this year, And if you have alleready signed up it has finished so you may longer not sign in hope this has helped
Same here. I'm really annoyed about that. Hope it is solved soon.
I just had an email reply from them:

"Thank you for your email. There is currently a small fault with the website, due a huge influx of users trying to sign in at once ¨C well over 86,000. Our technical team is already working on the problem and the World Maths Day website will be back up and running very very soon."
We are in the US (almost 11am) and are experiencing the same problem. The sign in button is grey and nothing happens when it is clicked. Thanks for posting the question, at least we can surmise that the problem is not with our computer system, but with the website.
I can't sign in either. My guess is there's a problem their end with their clock, so that some part of the system thinks the day is over. The UK support line is engaged, so I suspect they know about it and and working on a fix.
World Maths Day 2010 : you can only access the training until world maths day has started after that you will need to be on a School computer or you must have created your own person (sadly i did not create my person i did it some were else) don't be ashamed everyone has NOT created there account - even though it says people are online they are people in the school library or created there account i know this for sure because my teacher tried it, it only worked on 2nd March 2010 (Tuesday). hoped this helped you. hope you rate me up =P
I found a really good solution for this problem. Just restart your computer or...whatever you have. Then open your browser and MANUALLY type your address. You'll see that now the 'sign in' bar is enabled
Hi, 
i was having the same problem but then i managed to log on about 30 mins ago. However, now i pressed the refresh button and i now cannot log back in again!! How annoying!
I spoke to them 10 mins ago - they had overload 85000 users so had to bring forward planned maintenance - they are letting people on gradually - she said try again in an hour but if you keep refreshing in the browser you'll get there eventually
This is what they say!!!!!!!!

Dear Students, Teachers and Parents,

2 hours ago the World Maths Day website experienced a sustained outage, and since that time, users have been unable to participate intermittently.

We are working as quickly as possible to rectify the issue ¨C restoring the event to full operation.

All participants will retain all their points earned prior to the outage. The Halls of Fame will be updated accordingly. In addition, we will extend the event by the period of the outage, so that everyone has the opportunity to participate fully.

We unreservedly apologise for the inconvenience, and look forward to recommencing the full operation of the event as soon as possible.

Yours sincerely,

The World Maths Day team
Teachers,

Any problem accessing the reports after your students finish?  I normally use VMath as my curriculum, and when going in as I normally do, the site says my students haven't participated yet, and shows a score of 0.  They are going to be really disappointed if I can't fix this!
I  am not ablesign
