Do I trust a girlfriend that I found craigslist personal ads in her email account?
I was over at my girlfriends house and happen to start up her computer to use the internet when she wasn't home and up popped her email account.  As I was going to close out the account I saw an email from a personal ad on craigslists.  The first sentance was visable in the email account and is said something about wanting to meet up and see about their chemistry.  So I opened the email and read it.  Basically it was an email describing wanted to meet up for a sexual encounter.  I investigated a little more and found out that there have been email sent back and for between this group and my girlfriend, plus there were more ads that were answered other then this one party intially.  When i confronted my girlfriend on it later she swore that she had no idea where those email came from or who was sending them in her email.  The intersting this about the emails was that when the send responded they talked about personal information that like where my gf lived and what they did for a living.  How would a hacker know that and would use that.  If someone was just trying to answer ads why would they hack someones email and use it just to for that?

My question is if i should believe her or if there is a chance that there is a hacker using her email account just to answer personal ads on craigslist.  I would believe her is she had some sort of credit fraud happen, but both of us check our credit and there hasn't been a problem.  Please help if this has happened to you!

Should she trust a boyfriend who read her emails that he "just happened" to stumble upon?
people dont "steal" email account for stupid crap like that. they would just make a free one from yahoo or gmail. shes obviously a lying whore who is trying/currently is cheating on you. install a keylogger on her pc to track what shes typing and saying to people and catch her ass red handed. then dump her.
Nobody would hack into her account to set up dates. When they hack into an account it's to get copies of any credit card or bank statements you receive electronically so they can access your money. And a hacker has no idea who they are hacking, how old they are, where they live, etc. They just take any account that responds to a phishing scam.

Why would a hacker bother hacking into an account to respond to personal ads? They could just create a new free yahoo account that they would use just for personals
