are you human pop up!?
Wtf? whenever I go to a new page a pop up comes up and asks me "are you human." Apparently other people are having the same problem. Does anyone know how to fix this?

There are never any guarantees in malware fighting, but try this:

First, boot into Safe Mode With Networking.  That sometimes keeps malware from protecting itself.  Then download Ad-Aware Free and Spybot S&D (they¡¯re free), install them, update them and run full scans with them in Safe Mode With Networking. 

Also, turn off System Restore to evict any copies of bad stuff that might be lurking there.  

To get into Safe Mode with Networking:

1.Log out and reboot your machine.
2.When the machine starts the reboot sequence, press the F8 key repeatedly.
3.Select Safe Mode with Networking from the resulting menu.
4.Login.  If the malware has changed your password, try logging in as Administrator.  By default, Administrator has no password.
5.The machine will continue booting, but the Windows desktop will look different.  
6.When you're finished doing what you need to do, log out and reboot back into normal mode.

Another trick that may enable anti-malware and/or its installer program to sneak past the malware is to change the name of the anti-malware program itself.  The names of the files and their locations differ between anti-malware programs, but the procedure is always the same:

1.In Windows Explorer, find the folder with the anti-malware.
2.Change the name of the program (it always ends with a .exe) to virtually anything else, but keep the ¡°.exe¡± part.
3.Run that.

Note that even if the anti-malware programs get rid of the malware, they may not be able to reverse the effects.  Search the Web for possible fixes.

Good luck.
I had the same problem... best solution I found was to do a system restore back to a point before the problem (Vista).  It worked for me
I had that for two days couldn't browse. Very frustrating popup. Soon as I started a browser the popup would appear and I had to close browser with task manager. Adaware didn't help. Restore points were gone. Secure websites were redirected so I couldn't access. I removed McAfee Security Center and downloaded on different computer and installed AVG Free Anitivirus and problem solved.
I'm having the same problem. How did you download it when your IE cannot be used?
The 5 Best Ways to Block Popup Advertising
http://popsup-blocker.com
Choice 1) Switch to Using Firefox Browser with integrated popup blocking
Choice 2) Install XP Service Pack 2, and use IE Popup Blocker
Choice 3) Install a Google or Yahoo anti-popup toolbar, if you still use XP SP1
Choice 4) Your ISP likely offers a free 3rd party popup blocker
Choice 5) Purchase a 3rd-party popup blocker
