Is there a service that allows you to track if a link was clicked and by who?
Please Read Carefully before you answer to make sure you understand what I am asking.

First, I do NOT want to know how to track my own personal affiliate links that I promote.

I have a successful website and have recently decided to start an affiliate program.  When I send out the affiliate newsletter I will be including some links for some specific purposes.  I want to know if there is a service or tracker that will track  1 - If a link was clicked and 2 If it was clicked, which affiliates clicked on it. And then giving me a report that shows me how many clicks the link got and a list of the affiliates who clicked on it.

I appreciate all honest and informative answers.  


WARNING: If you are one of those answers that click on a bunch of questions and leave BS answers just to get credit for answering a question, please know that I will give the answer a thumbs down and report you to yahoo and then you will be blocked.  I dont do this to have to wade through a bunch of uninformative, bs answers.  Its a waste of my time and I will take action.

to your warning :O and b4 u report me....

Im not sure if you can track if it was clicked or not but you can track how many people visited a page, so if the link goes to a specific web page you can track how many people visited that page, and u can see from where that page was viewed (machine picks it up by IP address) it wont tell you the exact location but it will give you a general area ie. Melbourne, Aus
Sure sounds like you would want to use a complete affiliate management package, apparently one CPA management service (I forgot the name) costs thousands a month (I hear DirectTrack costs $10k to setup).
  I've heard of some big affiliate marketers who recruit clients away from affiliate networks use this software with themselves as the sole affiliate to serve their private clients.
I know a website that would track only the number of links on your website but not track by who clicked them. Tracking your affiliate URL is really useful especially if you're promoting your website thru advertising. I know a website which do not only track your affiliate link but protect them as well. It's on the link below. Just check if it's what you need.

http://com-vipdetails.info
