is the website, beezid.com legit?
i was watching tv this afternoon and saw a commercial for beezid.com, i understand how it works, the prices are low, but the website makes a ton of money from the bids themselves. but thats besides the point. 

my point is, how do you know that they are not using BOTS or something to raise the bid? or pay people to bid? and has anyone ever used this site and been successful? meaning won a bid, and received the package at there door.

There really is no way to know if they are using bots are not.  However, I will say the site wouldn't be able to survive without lots of happy users.  Users buying bids and using them is what makes Beezid money so using bots surely wouldn't help out the site in the long run.  One thing I have noticed though is that Beezid has A TON of users.  Therefore there is a ton of competition and your odds of winning are a crap shoot.  I would recommend finding a newer site with less users so you have more of a chance of winning.  SmartBargainHunters.com is only a couple weeks old and I have won on there a couple times without using more than 200 bids on $400 items.  Took like a week to get the stuff I won.
I have used them and yes they are legit and it works... if you are very careful but if you are not careful then it can get real expensive real fast. They do not need to use bots with over a quarter of a million registered user the bidding could go on for a long time on most items 


 I have gotten every single item from them and have had nothing but great support from their staff when i needed it..they even returned my calls to my home and my cell..when I had Q?s about my 55" tv..also since then I have gotten another tv which is a Sharp 52" worth over $1600 and have only $261 bucks in it...i have gotten 3 Wiis ..a playstation3 ..a sony camera.... a Dsi... just to much to list. They are legit and they do not use bots ... they do not need to...why risk a legit biz that is making you millions each month.

ps; it takes around 3 weeks to get a won item.
