why does Internet Explorer 8 keep freezing up on my computer?
I have an HP laptop with Vista and Internet Explorer constantly stops working. I have reloaded it several times. What is going on?
my computer defrags on a regular schedule and my webroot does a cleanup of everything at the very least weekly. i have had trouble with both mozilla and chrome wont work for me. we have 2 other computers in our house on our network and neither has problems

Because its rubbish...

Try Firefox... a lot crisper & cleaner
Hi,
please do this first :-
download CCleaner, install it and then run it, this will safely delete all your temp files etc for you, then reboot back into safe mode again (press F8 as it boots up) and defrag your hard drive to get all your free space back again, i think your system is full of rubbish and just needs a good cleanup.
CCleaner will also clean your reg files correctly as well, but please remember to reboot between doing a disc cleanup and a reg cleanup.
Defaggler will defrag your drive quickly and cleanly.
this will help you, (i promise).
http://www.ccleaner.com/download
http://www.defraggler.com/download

This is a completely free download and will not harm your system in any way.
Now please also do this :-
boot back into windows and run "CHKDSK" :-
start -> run -> command line then type chkdsk /f (the /f switch tells it to fix errors). You'll also need to mention the drive you want examined. Just put the drive letter ahead of the switch (eg. chkdsk C: /f). you will now be asked to reboot your system as it boots up it will start to check your drive with scandisk and then fix any errors you have as well.
hope this all works for you.

P.S
please change to FireFox it's far better and safer, 
just go to add & remove then uninstall IE8 
reboot
then IE7 will be back and all your links as well
The Windows operating system constantly refers to the registry to get information about all of the components such as hardware and software which are installed on the computer. The registry tells Windows what to do and how to access the various programs, files, and processes.However, the registry can contain bad information which sends Windows off doing useless tasks or running unneeded routines. Sometimes errors occur including the freezeing. Other times the system slows down. Because of the sheer number of factors that can affect the registry, there¡¯s no one size fits all approach. You can¡¯t just go into the registry and remove the bad information because it¡¯s nearly impossible to decipher which information is good and which information is bad. That¡¯s a job better suited for software. I should like to commend Registry Easy http://computer-e-book-money.com            to you ! You can try ! Good luck!
Hi Carol,

If you find that your IE is freezing/crashing frequently in Windows, here are some trouble-shooting steps you may try:

1. Run your anti-virus and an anti-spyware, to check for malware infections. Microsoft Security Essentials is a good freeware AV from Microsoft.  
2. Clear Cache. Or else run your Junk Cleaner or CCleaner. In IE 7 or 8, click Tools > Internet options > Security > Reset all Zones to Default level 
3. If still you find your IE giving problems, close it and run IE (No Add-ons). This opens up the browser without loading any add-ons, toolbars or plug-ins.
 4. Run sfc /scannow and at the end reboot if asked for. This will replace corrupted system files if any.  
If you find it running OK, then the problem is most probably caused by an addon. In that case you have two options :
- Use the manage Add-ons tool, and disable each one after the other to find out which one is causing the problem.
- In Internet Options, go to Advanced Tab and click on Reset tab. Restart IE. This step deletes all temp files, disables any add-ons, plug-ins, toolbars and also resets all changed settings to default. Although this is a quick-fix, you will have to re-install the add-ons.

I hope this helps!

Cheers,
Bryn
IE8 Outreach Team
