someone hacked my webkinz account?
ok so i have like 250 webkinz and like lots of kinzcash and someone haked my account i am on youtube and i have given peole my username but not my password (duh why would i give them that) and when i tryed to sign on with my username and password it said that i had the wrong password so i got my code and changed m pass and whn i got in lots of my stuff was gone and lots f my deluxe box clothes were gone and the next day i tryed to sign on and it said my password was wrong so i changed it again and my account was changed again and more of my stuff was gone so how do i keep this person off my account
ok you green person i said webkinz not email and for you other dude if i dident have i a life i would be dead
ok update on my situation i was just on webkinz and it said that i had to be signed out ok then i tried to sign back in and t said my password was wrong so i changed it to just random numbers and then it said again that i had to sign out then i tried to sign back in and it said i had the wrong password so i changed it again and i got in but i think this person is useing a computer software to get in or something
all my codes are are underneath my mattres and i am the only one who knows my password and sometime when i have just random letters and numbers and like 4 hours after i did that my account was changed so i think someone is useing a hacking softwere
update the person got on my account again and sold all my delux items and all my fav items and just how do i keep them off my account
the person got on again but i just think they are play ing on my account now but i dont want them on my account

250 webkinz!!!!! woah! worth a thousand dollars gurl!
I would recommend changing your email password and all the passwords you can. Anyone who gets your email account or knows your secret passwords has control over every account that uses that email. Your actually kind of lucky they didn't change everything and get you locked out.

edit

Most applications have some backdoor method to get your password once youve forgot. Here are some tips:
find that backdoor and fix it, if its sending an email to your account change your email password, if its asking a secret question change the answer. If your still having an issue there could be two other problems 1 your being phished by a phoney website. Make sure your not putting your info into a fake site check the url first. or 2. someone is consistently brute forcing your account. this is a little trickier you will probably have to change user-names and pick a password thats longer, has multple cases some symbols maybe and no dictionary words.
Maybe you should get a life instead.
I think your password was easier for the hacker to find.Sorry this time.But next time create your account password with symbols,small alphabet and big one,number.Use this kind of combination.So it may be difficult for the hacker to find your password example:   "x*.3a?'2d@4{!~)"
the only way for someone to change your password is to have one of your secret codes.  So you shared your user name with the world, and then someone was lucky enough to guess one of your secret codes?  Highly unlikely.  Either you also shared a secret code with the world, or someone who has access to the physical paper tags in your home is messing with your account.

[EDIT] it would probably be a good idea to have a parent call Ganz on Monday
1866 WEB KINZ

[EDIT2] Have you had a parent call Ganz yet?  It seems odd that your item would be sold.  Have you checked to see how much Kinz Cash you have?  Do you really have more than before?
