Has anyone used HappyBidders before and won something before? Is a scam or not. www.happybidders.com?
Im asking about the website Happy Bidders. www.happybidders.com
http://happybidders.com

Sorry to tell
It is a spam..
Ive won a few small things. Not an iPhone which is what I want but hopefully soon.

http://happybidders.com
This is a formal answer from the HappyBidders team:

Our legitimacy

Due to a largely unregulated industry, penny auction websites have received a lot of criticism. HappyBidders would like to ensure users of fair bidding practices. 

Like anyone running this kind of business online, trust is integral to our success. Our dedicated staff will answer all of your queries within 24 hours.
We spend many hours consulting our customers as to what kind of products, and what kind of auctions they want us to run. Customer feedback is treated with the highest importance and we value everything our customers have to say.
Our unique auction style has allowed lucky bidders to take home high quality brand new products from trusted retailers at extremely low prices, prices that you will not find anywhere else!
If you have any queries regarding our site do not hesitate to contact us at info@HappyBidders.com
Source(s):
info@HappyBidders.com
http://www.happybidders.com

HappyBidders is committed to being a genuine bidding environment for all bidders.
It seems to be another Penny Auction site. It has been getting popular in recent years and known as ¡°Entertainment shopping¡±. The idea behind is that you would have to purchase bids before hand. This money allows the site owners to send away items for heavily discounted prices. Please note that all the other people who purchase bids but did not win auction loose their money on this kind of auction sites. I guess this auction style would work out for the people who have common sense and be cautious with their bidding practices.

Ps. There I found an article >> http://en.happybidders.info/
This site has very interesting concept for online shopping. Everybody has to pay for the right to bid and the winner nabs the item for the amazing price. Just have to be cautious to not spend too many bids. I think I will give it a go...this article makes me little cautious though: http://happyBiddersScam.com have to check it!
I thought I share my experience at HappyBidders - http://www.happybidders.com

I managed to win an unlocked iPhone after a battle on this site so it is possible to win.
It cost me quite a lot of bids, close to 450, but since the final cost is USD 25.23 it is a big saving of money. All up it cost me just over 300 bucks.

I very much like this site because iPhone with not locked is not possible to buy in Malaysia. Product arrived 6 days after I win, in Fedex bag.

If you be careful in the way you bid then you can nab good bargains at this site.There is a blog article about the site: http://happybidders.blogspot.com/
