should i be worried bout this?
A site that i visit has a lot of ads and if u signed up there would be no ads. well today i went to visit the site and its redirected me to a page saying that the its had been reported sayings it unsafe. I thought ok i just wont visit the site any more but then i remembered the account i had on their site. Im wondering wats going to happen to my account and its info, wil it be deleted if the site is taken down. im not sure if i should be worried about it or not.

the site is www.ps3news.com
i just checked the site out myself and that redirect is gone now. anyway if the site were taken down( im not saying it is) what would happen to my info?
i did not give personal info just email really.

Use firefox and install the add-ons adblock plus and flashkiller. That helps.
Well I just visited it... it says nothing about being unsafe. If it is, though... don't worry. Unless you gave them your email password, your safe.
You get that message when you visit the site because someone reported that it may download spyware at connected PCs. I don't think that it's going to be taken down and, what is more, I just visited it and didn't find any problem. I hope it's been helpful.
Well, seems no one has answered your question about what happens to YOUR information once a site goes away...

1) A site can use YOUR information for whatever purpose they want. If they have a "privacy policy," it usually says they can change the policy at any time without notice. So the policy can "we'll never share anything with anyone" on minute, and say "Ya know, we've decided to sell everything we know about you to the highest bidder, sorry about your luck" the next.

2) No site is totally safe against theft. Someone hacks the site, any information you've given the site may be in jeopardy. Happens all the time.

3) Why would you give strangers personal information? Do you teach your kids to walk up to strangers on the street and tell them where they live? NO! So why do YOU do it on the Internet???

Best of luck. It's a cold, cold World.
