Can any one suggest me a good plan for internet ?????????????
i currently have BSNL homeplan with 60kbps download speed and it costs me around 1000RS per month but i find this very slow as i have to download large size documents so can you recommend me other schemes? they should be affordable and can be of any other company....
So felow INDIANs plzzz help me

you can go to the cable net which provides a good speed and unlimited downloading
in affordable cost 
so make inquiry to local cable operators
I have already given answers for this similar question...

There are number of options available in BSNL and AIRTEL..

Example...In airtel..there is option for which morning 6-night 9.30 it will be 384kbps speed
night 9.30 to mrng 6.00 it is 1MBPS...and sunday full day 1MBPS...unlimited plan..plan name is Explorer 1099.......1099 rupees is rent.....

Call airtel broadband helpline number..and ask them to mail you excel sheet document which has detailed plan description from which you can choose best among that..

I am using AIRTEL broadband for more than 3 years...Its best..reliable.....fast...etc...etc...
Dear friend...  Net plans depends on your state and where you live... If you live in metro cities you could enjoy lots of cheap plans provided by mtnl, airtel, bsnl data1 and lots more... But if you not live in metro you could enjoy hi speed broadband bt you pay little more for it... However 1st find to know which broadband operator are able to reachout of your area... And otherthing tata photon+ also provide hi speed internet through usb. Thanks
Inteol's is great it runs raster then eney Other internet that i know of and it ony cost 45dollarss a mounth its a 100 kbpts
see i am also using the home 1000 bsnl plan in bangalore.
it gives me nearly 215 to 402 kbps download speed.listen carefully the plan is bsnl home-1000
not unlimited. upto 5 GB you can use all over the month and in night(2 am to 8 am)  its unlimted free.
if you use torrent then it depends upon the port of downloading.(for details mail me kits.holmes@gmail.com).

750 unlimited bsnl= the speed is bogus. don't use it.
home 500 bsnl is almost same as home 1000 but free download limit upto 2.5 GB and night 2 to morning 8 unlimited. but the speed is slower than 1000. 
the home 1000 plan comes with taxes rs.1103.

one more thing i am also a student  and not a salseman of bsnl broadband. but i will suggest you to use only bsnl broadband and wire connection with modem. cause the wireless connectrion or the connection like reliance and tata photon or airtel broadband is useless nut. i have already used all the connection and now i know only one connecton is there in india that is bsnl and the plan is home 1000.

sometimes it depends on bandwidth... for more details mail me with out any hestitation.
Reliance is best. Skip to it
best is bsnl-274rs/month plan it has great speed between 1mb/s&500kb/s unlimited downloading&serving  
   u r thinking that all other provides more speed ya,
           but no all other connections r very slow, speed is around 100kb/s
  try it,u like it
you can use BSNL broadband...

use 700/unlimited with 256kbps/month+taxes for stable speed
or
use 500/limited(2.5GB)+night unlimited with 2Mbps/month+taxes
more plans go to >>

http://www.bsnl.co.in/service/dataone_tariff.htm

>>select "home plans"link
