Does anyone know any good internet survey sites in the UK ?
I want to make a little extra cash and was wondering if there are any other decent survey sites in the UK, preferably that pay into a paypal account ?
I am already a member of survey head but I don't think that it is very good.
Also if you are on any sites how much do you earn a month ?

Even tho Swagbucks is not a survey site, Its still very legit. Its just like google search. But you randomly win swagbucks for searching. There are also other ways of winning swagbucks. Swagbucks does pay out Paypal $5 giftcards in the swagstore. Ive made over $75 in amazon.com gift cards. Its pays about $10 a month. Will work in the UK. Just a suggestion to alittle extra cash-    http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/Rundee
There are many good survey sites in UK.

Usually you will get paid about $3 per survey. Each survey panels sends out at least 3 surveys per week. If you join more than 10 survey panels, you can earn at least $90 per week.

For a list of the best paid survey panels, click Paid surveys section at http://www.thefunstufftodo.com
I have several suggestions..DO NOT DO SURVEY SITES. Most of them are scams and the ones that aren't won't make you much at all. Go to surveypolice.com It is a great site for telling what survey sites are legit and which ones aren't. 

But really I suggest you do GPT sites instead You don't need a dime upfront and I encourage you to stay away from any that do require anything upfront.. I found a blog
http://101newwaystomakemoneyonline.blogs¡­ that I have found really useful for determing the best gpt sites and stuff like that. It is brand new but already has 59 followers, including me. This guy writing the blog really know what he's talking about. With Gpt sites you really make you alot more money then survey sites, even though they are very similar. I hope this helps as i have been down this road before and I am finally satisfied where I am now, making about $20 an hour. However you run out of offers after a while so now I'm down to about an hour or 2 a day...

I hope this helps I know it is frustrating going through all these sites, and I know you will find that this way is much easier. 
Best of luck to you.
Try Ciao.  They're pretty good and you can make money from writing reviews to paid surveys.
I don't work any more. I make my living filling surveys. You can check here:

http://www.yy.vc/money
