whats the point of internet SPAM?
message boards, e-mails, etc.  I mean we erase spam messages because we hate them, right? Doesn't benefit us and it can't benefit spammers either because we  don't fall for them and erase them. So what IS the point? Why does spam even exist? Seems to me like a waste of time, for both sides.

I know... it seems like it would be a waste of time to spam messages and create pornbots, but sadly it isn't. 10 million spam messages can be auto sent by a 10 dollar program, if it generates even 1 dollar in profit, it is worth it...
to make money. 8% of the people who get spam actually buy the stuff. So if you send out 10000 of them, you just made 800 dollars if the item was a dollar.
I'd say spam falls into two main categories:
-Scams, phishing, and otherwise dubious behavior with no product in mind.
-Cheap mass produced advertising from a country with less regulation to a country with more regulation where the target audience is not important.

Scam spam:
Spam used for some form of scam is usually designed to get your money or your information (since the systems in place today are so utterly stupid that people can do things in your name without any real verification) by providing an offer/opportunity that is "too good to be true".

Ad Spam:
Think about all the other advertisements you see that don't fall into the category of spam.  Haven't you seen some of these and thought to yourself, "This is stupid, surely nobody will fall for this"?  The only difference with ad spam is that rules are bent or broken in the process.

There are droves of idiots in this world.  As long as the costs of spam don't out-weight the benefits, this will continue both with ads and scams.  Since spam is unbelievably cheap to produce, there are not many ways to combat it other than tightening laws and regulations.
Spam is designed to get it in your head.Just like those tv commericals.Repetition.Say I were advertising a site thats gives out $100000 for $1.I keep sending it and eventually you get interested.It works on some people and like someone else sa9id $10 program can send a million emails.
There is no point to spam full stop.
the point is to piss people off
