Good search engine sites that give different results than Google?

I tried Bing. Bing gives the same results as Google.

Bing?
Ask.com (formerly Ask Jeeves) 
Baidu (Chinese) 
Bing (formerly MSN Search and Live Search) 
Cuil 
Duck Duck Go 
Google 
Kosmix 
Sogou (Chinese) 
Sohu (Chinese) 
Yahoo! Search 
Yandex (Russian) 
Yebol
Yahoo search engine always gives me different results /:
I actually like Dogpile.com - it gives your results from a variety of search engines.
i know im not really giving you an answer but there isnt any better than google if you think googles evil use firefox same results less evil
http://thesearchenginelist.com/
http://www.springo.com/
Springo is a Web shortcutting tool that empowers users to rapidly and easily navigate to the best websites for any purpose.

http://www.viewzi.com/
Viewzi is a new and highly visual way to search the web. Instead of searching for "Italian food" and getting 68 million results on Google, with Viewzi, you get a number of really nice "views." Each view contains a set of results that are displayed visually - and each view has a different perspective.

http://melzoo.com/
MelZoo meta search engine, offers "visual previews" of the search results. In other words users will receive much more relevant, quality information. Most existing search engines are not offering this. This major advantage results in a much better user experience.

http://www.itpints.com/
Real-time web search engine. Search on most popular web 2.0 sites. Know what is happening right now.

http://www.topsite.com/
Discover the best top sites on the web on a variety of topics such as Video, Music, News and more.

http://fefoo.com/
Fefoo is not a search engine, its an application that helps you search better. It uses the traditional search engines to search. You search on categories and your search is more refined from the time you start searching. In case you don't use categories it works like a normal search engine. Fefoo is not about changing the way you search but it helps you in searching better with less clicks and your search is more precise.

http://rippol.com/
Rippol is an intelligent video discovery engine that uses The Butterfly Effect Network, a system of algorithms invented by Team Rippol to help you discover videos you like.

http://www.siri.com/
Siri is a Virtual Personal Assistant - a new way to interact with the Internet on your mobile phone. Like a real assistant, Siri helps you get things done. You interact with Siri by just saying, in your own words, what you want to do. You can ask Siri to find a romantic place for dinner, and get reservations for Saturday night. You can discover things to do over the weekend, get tickets to the movies, or call a cab when you¡¯re out on the town. You don't have to search through a bunch of web pages, following links and hunting down facts. Siri does all the work giving you the information you need at your fingertips.
