i need help immediately it's important please please please help me :-)?
I'm trying to upload a new photo on twitter, but it's not letting me. Every time i click browse nothing pops up. What do i need to do on my computer, so that i'll be able to upload photos again. One more thing. Does this sound disrespectful? Around 11:30 pm last night my boyfriend called his friend (a female). He talked to her for about 25 minutes. He went outside to talk to her on his cell. The only time when he does call her on the house phone, it's either i'm not in there room or not around. Back to last night, he came in the house after talking to her and told me he was talking to his niece. He's not knowing that I know who he was talking too. We already had a argument about this girl. He had lied to me and told me that his niece was at his sister house and that he was going to spend the night. The next day after that the girl left a message on his voice mail and i heard it. She said she left her baby jacket at his sister house. Now he's telling me his niece (which i believe it's that girl and not his niece) want him to come over her house and kick it (basically spend the night because he's going to be drinking). And she also told him why don't he bring his ***** (she's talking about me) with him. He told me that she said that. When we had argued about her. He was saying she's just a friend. In my head i'm like if she just a friend why you have to lie about her and say it's your niece. I'm planning on telling him tonight what i just said about why he has to lie. I also had this dream that he cheated with her. In my dream he told me he was going to his sisters, but he went to that female house. In my dream i kept calling him on his cell, but his cell would automatic pick up. All i heard was music and moaning in the background. That dream felt so real. But anyways, what do y'all think i should do. We've been together for 6 years and that's 6 years out of my life.

Dump The B - - - - - d
DUMP HIM SOUNDS LIKE HE HAS BABY FOR SOMEONE ELSE
Six years! Six years and nothing has come of it?! Something is wrong with this picture.
It sounds like it's time to let it go don't waste any more time!
If he hasn't made a move in six years he's not going to make a move.
He sounds like a real douche bag and seriously I don't even have to know you to tell you that you can do better!
