How do you use Ebay and Craigs List?
If I want to sell things, do I pay to ship to the buyer or does the buyer pay for it?  How do I know how to calculate shipping?  I already have a PayPal account to pay for purchase online, but if buyers use that to pay, how do I get the money from it?  How is Ebay different from Craigs List?

Go to the websites.  They have sections on how to get started.
craigslist is simpler the buyer comes to you to check out the out the item to see if they like it before they buy it while on ebay they look at it through pictures so you would have to go to ups or usps and they will weigh the item and say a shipping price. then you need to buy the box and figure out your own price to ship it to a buyer
Its not that hard. First create an eBay account. Then research what you have to sell using ebay. View the current and even completed listings to get a rough idea what your product is selling for. Then click the my ebay tab at the top and then click sell. Ebay will then ask you what you are selling. This is to help find the best category for your product to be listed under. Then create fill in the listing form. It will ask for a title first, this is where you type a short description of what you are selling, this will appear in search results and category results. Then choose a starting bid price. A low starting price will provoke interest and hopefully some bidding. Most people shy away from high listing prices. Shipping is paid for by the buyer. You can choose to give a flat rate to everyone regardless of address or after entering in the weight you can allow the bidders to enter their zip codes into the shipping calculator so they can determine the shipping costs. You can choose how long your listing will be listed, 7 day is typical. After you listing has ended either 7 days later or after someone has chose to use the buy it now feature. (BUY IT NOW is a option you may choose. You basically give the bidder an option to bid or pay a price you are happy with). Once payment is made you just mail it out. GOOD LUCK

Craigslist works like a classified ad, way easier and no fees!
Craigslist has local listings around the world so you can buy and sell items in your area.

Ebay charges fees for listing, selling, and being paid except for Ebay Motors which has free auto listings within a 200-mile radius.

Craigslist does not charge for its classified ads.

On Ebay there is a shipping calculator but you can check with the postal service or UPS for rates before you list something.

When a buyer sends you money to buy from you, it goes into your Paypal account and you can get the money by either transfer to your bank, using your Paypal debit card or having a check issued from Paypal.

Craigslist is a classified ad or community bulletin board website
Ebay is an auction site
