Need a good blog name... any suggestions?
I'm 19, a bit of a nerd (and trekkie), love maths and chem, love heavy metal (especially Finnish melodeath/power/epic/folk), can be a bitch when I feel it's needed. I love animals. I'm not into things like fashion, make-up, celebrities and I hate twilight. I'm a feminist and an atheist (although I am fascinated by paganism, wiccans and the concept of karma). Basically the blog will be about university life, my family struggles, my friends (or how a bunch of nerds interact socially), my various obsessions, bitching about things that suck, numbers, science, basically anything that comes to mind. 

I've thought of some things
The Bitching Hour
Complex Bitch (with bitch spelt with a beta or double benzene ring, imaginary i, T for tangent, complex set C, and a Hydrogen H+)
The Nerd Chronicles
The Daily Sine-er
The Data Complex
Voyager's Last Word
The Sinthesis of Bitch (Think either sine or Sinergy)
The Queen of Borg
The Queen of Bitch

So any suggestions of names or what things I listed that would look cool would be awesome. Thanks for reading.

CassClogNKarma
i like the data complex. and Voyagers last word, its got a very hitch hikers guide feel to it. how about some of these?

a Geeks Log
the nerds syndicate 
the binary bible (welllll nerdy)
a dying trekkies secrets

actualy i like your ideas better lol 

whats the link to your blog ill cheak it out sometime
Slap my face in wonder
The Thoughts of Me
Queen of Epics
Call Me Dairy
Nothing Unspoken
Point Blank Pistol
Bittersweet Heartbreak
Call It Down
Can't Hold Back
Don't Call
Thoughtless Words
Spoken Heart
Hello World
Rawr Me
Sneaky Speakings

I have more if you're interested. It would be highly appreciated that if you actually ended up using any of these names you would give me proper credit on your blog. It's only mannerly and fair. Not to mention, just taking the name would be stealing and very rude. You don't have to tell me if you use any of the names, just give me credit somewhere. Thank you!! :)
