Does anyone know a website for teens and advice?
I'm looking for a website where teens can talk, give/ask advice, and be in a stress relieving environment. I'm about to be 16 years old soon. I need something for around my age.

Somewhere I can post a pick and ask advice about it or something like that. Talk about fashion, looks/appearances, and other day-to-day advice. A website that can help me turn my life around to be who I want to be, but it's very difficult for me.

Can anyone give me a list?
Thank you in advance.

I'm 16 and every now and then I go to www.girlslife.com :) Some users there are years younger than us, but some are about our age. So it's all good. Go check it out. :)
On the local radio station where I'm from they talk about a website called boss of me or bom411.com i believe. I'm not 100% sure if that's the actual site but if you google that it and it will bring you to the write one!
Your already on the site you want.
I just took the word adolescence (I may have spelled it wrong) & put it in the search above. Do that & go to that area. I think normally you have to go through he pregnancy & parenting to get to it...anyway, ask there cause I think a lot of teens are in that section & you look at the Q & A's that are there....there are always people who can be extremely rude or extremely nice & helpful so take the good & ignore the rest. I would also just do a search for yahoo groups & you might find the specific groups you are looking for & sometimes what you don't find on this site is here but you have to fine out where...for example I forget often that to ask a philosopy question I have to go through arts & humanities so use the search to put words in for what you want & just find your way around. I have answered many teen questions that have come from the psychology or mental health section so check them all out & you might just want to build up a base of friends here...you would look for people you like & then push the thing under their name that says something about them being a contact...you can build up a really nice bunch of friends her by doing that...you would go onto there questions often & they might like you & make you a contact & help you a lot. If you have a specific problem though & want a specific group just do a search outside of yahoo to find a group.
