How can I make money online without wasting a lot of my own money in the process?
Just like the titles says I want to know how I can make money online without wasting my own in the process. I'm open to any ideas as long as its not shady and completely legal.

Survey Sites work. Here are a couple. Before you think their a scam signup and look at the proof on the forums.

http://www.prizelive.com/r/hunter94
ebay?
i use a scanner to scan ?20 notes and then print them...easey peasey money
if you study enough, try going on the stock market, its risky but you can get good profit
Join!
TreasureTrooper.com/Mariana28
& get $3 Added Instantly!
Plus, If you're my refferal we may contact each other
& trust me i know a way to cheat the 
system and get money faster without spending
10-20 minutes in just a single offer
which you're only going to get, what? 25cents!
I'll give you my tricks so that you make money.
That way you win & i do Too.

Here's a link to my most recent screen shot
& a check that i also got recently,
by the way i bought my boyfriend a $100
cologne/ perfume for men & he dumped me 3 days later
ugh i Fu***ng hate him right now!
Here's The Links:)

http://s934.photobucket.com/albums/ad184/MarianaRdz1/?action=view&current=March12010.png

http://s934.photobucket.com/albums/ad184/MarianaRdz1/?action=view&current=Check21.jpg
Hi You can come visit my site is 100% free for everyone and is not like 99.9% scam Site out there
Just sign up and complete offer....it will cost you $6-$7 Dollars to complete, but ill personally pay you $10 with paypal in 24H Guarantee once you offer is confirmed...So there is no money coming out of your pocket. Sign Up Now http://jusquick50.blinkweb.com/
Make a free blog at blogger about something you are good at or truly interested in, and than put adsense on it, bring people to your blog, each time your ads get clicked you'll earn money. I can assure that you will love working on it. If you want more info let me know.
I have asked the same question many times! I recently came accross http://onlineprotege.com and made $600 this month from not doing alot atall, I hope to double it this month!! Take a look, great little site offering real free training!
Adsense (Free) + Amazon Affiliates links (Free) on a (Free) blog will earn you money,, Just write about what you like :)
There are a few cardinal rules for looking for ligitimate online jobs:

1) If they asks for any type of fees, RUN FAR AWAY!
2) You will most likely not find a plain ol' data entry job.
3) Work at home jobs are not any easier than regular jobs you do outside the home, anything promising lots of money for doing nothing is a scam or a bad business opportunity.
4) Do not "process payments" for anyone, you could end up in the big house.
5) Is the job they are offering going to "change your life", I doubt it. I go to church for that kind of stuff.
6) Legitimate companies will not advertise for jobs in banners or spam emails.

As you can probably tell I've seen just about every bad job offering out there and I get really irritated with all the promises and such. And I hate to see good people throw away their money.

With all that being said, I can tell you that there are legitimate jobs out there. It's just a matter of finding them.
You might need to spend a few years learning about publishing and advertising and online marketing and then some money will come to you.
You might want to start by creating a website or a blog, then adding content to it, that's the basis for a platform from where you can then sell ad space.... this is easily done, but you need a site and traffic going to it just concentrate on that and don't expect to make any money at first.
Hey,

I was asking myself the very same question about a month ago and the answer I've ended up with is currently quite fun and at the same time will soon be profitable.  Although I am still working a full time job at the moment I have created a blog, added some affiliate links etc and have now started to create a mailing list.  Its definitely not a quick fire way to make massive money instantly but it is starting to pick up after just one month and I don't even have half the content I had intended to add yet as I have just had a baby boy and he is keeping me away from the Computer but all the steps I have taken you can grab them from my blog.. Its a kind of follow me as I try to make money online blog and will guide you in the right direction for a start if your interested.  I will tell you that if your willing to invest some time it will be brilliant for you no money is required to setup and I personally have no knowledge of html or php etc as wordpress takes care of that bit for you!! all you have to do is find something to blog about.  Check it out if you like the sound of it.  

www.Matt-Howell.com

Enjoy and Good luck
Matt
Online jobs don't exist. You can't take the factory home. If you want to earn online money you need to work on your own. This is actually quite easy to do, but until ou know what you are doing you aren't going to get any money.
If you want to work from your computer at home, you are probably going to have to do it as a business owner, rather than as an employee. There are no online work-at-home. "jobs" that will pay you by the hour.

When you apply for a job offline, in the bricks and mortar world, do you have to pay anything? Of course not. It should be the same in the online world. If you are asked to pay any money, at best, it is a business opportunity, but more likely it is just a scam.

Be very careful that you don't get scammed.
Many Many ways you can make money using the internet without spending a dime.  Paid surveys, Amazon's Mechanical turk, writing articles for sites like Ehow, Helium, squidoo.  There are PTC's There are GPT's, there are social networking sites, all willing to pay you.  The hardest part with a lot of these sites is making sure they are legit.  You do not want to put in a bunch of work only to end up empty handed.  

Check out my blog about earning money online, I test a lot of these sites.  I am not trying to sell you a thing, truly, just helping people make a buck without wasting time, and hopefully in the process, make a buck of my own.

Good luck
This is really true. as I am not lying. There are many scams believe me.. Ive tried many.. This one though is free to sign i made 27 dollars in less than 20 minutes take surveys for free and get money .. you dont have to pay or download anything. trust me it might just be 27 dollars but its money i made sitting down doing nothing.

http://www.AWSurveys.com/HomeMain.cfm?RefID=cindy
Making money online is easy.  Simply sign up for sites such as CashCrate or TreasureTrooper to get paid for filling surveys.  These sites are reputable and pay a considerable amount of money.

For more information, visit my blog at http://www.instantcashinfo.com
A question after my own heart. Here are two good ways to make money online without spending anything:

The long (but sustainable) way:

1. Start a blog about something you actually care about. Don't try to make any money for now. (get a free blog at http://blogger.com)
2. In your blog, write about things that other people would actually care about 
3. If you follow steps one and two properly, you'll start building traffic to your site (through search engines and linkbacks)
4. When you're happy with the amount of daily visitors you get, it's just a question of HOW you want to make money - selling advertising, affiliate programs, your own products, etc.
5. Feel cool about yourself for knowing the secret: web traffic is what makes your money - Adsense, affiliate programs, etc., are just tools for monetizing that traffic

The faster (but less sustainable) way:

1. Find affiliate programs that pay you just for having someone sign up for free (or for a free trial)
2. Get a bunch of people you know to sign up using your link (remember, they don't have to pay anything either)
3. Receive money without having paid a dime
4. Feel cool, and show other people how to do likewise

I wrote an article on the faster method here (How to Make 100 Dollars Without Spending a Dime): http://findingthemoney.blogspot.com/2006/06/how-to-make-100-dollars-without.html

There's info on the longer method there, too - just click around the site. Legal, legitimate, free and slacker-friendly.
Hi. I see that you want a online job that¡¯s easy. Well¡­¡­¡­¡­..As you can see you are very much in luck because I have two good websites for you to sign up and try. Okay here I¡¯m going to give you a red pill blue pill matrix type deal but you can pick both it does not matter.
 
First Website- http://tinyurl.com/FirstWebsite1
Basically what you do on this website is fill out surveys and ads to gain points which is redeemable for anything on http://www.amazon.com or any prizes available on the website. Simple... Easy¡­ and SMOOTH!

Second Website- http://tinyurl.com/SecondWebsite2
Basically what you do on this website is search, you use the websites search engine and you are able to win 10-100 points occasionally.  It¡¯s way easy easier than the first website but the catch is you have only the prizes the website allows although you can get Amazon cards and gift cards so I think its ok.

So these are my methods of making easy money online its better you chose both because you are able to get double the money and double the prizes it¡¯s great.
Have Fun Making Money!!!!
The ShoeMoney System is a step by step video training system, teaching people how to make money on the internet. With a new video every 3 days, Jeremy Schoemaker holds nothing back, from basics to promoting affiliate offers, ppc, social networks and more!

I tried it, and I LOVE IT :)
http://bit.ly/shoe-money-system
I¡¯m not getting rich but I make money online sitting back and doing nothing.

http://myextramoola.blogspot.com/

This is some of the easiest money I ever make sign-up and start earning today!
