what internet browser is the best?
internet explorer?
mozilla firefox?
google chrome?

or a different one...

Opera - very stylish and follows the W3C standard. It passed te internet acid test -->> mozilla and internet explorer failed.

Haven't used chrome yet
I should slap you for suggesting internet explorer at the top of that list, but anyway firefox has always worked very well for me and ive used it for about 5 years now.
mozilla firefox so far so good in my laptop
i prefer ie to be honest !!!!
soo far....MOZILLA FIREFOX
its fast,secure and very easy to use
with alot of plugins and options
I have been using Firefox for many years.

I have found it to be stable, safe, and reliable.

It is most effective at preventing pop ups and it has never once crashed.

There are updates from time to time created by a team of people who are dedicated to keeping Firefox safe and trustworthy.
firefox
Internet explorer..
The major contenders are Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Opera for the Desktop.

Internet Explorer will always work, BUT... It's a security nightmare. Has been for years because of its integration with Windows. It's a major attack vector for viruses. But, it always works...

Mozilla Firefox is a tinkerer's browser. Out of the box, it's really fast but a little stripped down. It's really easy to add on to, though, just like installing apps of your choice on your PC or smartphone.

Google Chrome is an un-tinkerer's browser. It's hard-coded to work the way Google thinks is the best way for you. Is it? Maybe, maybe not.

Opera is kind of in-between Firefox and Chrome. It has pretty handy sync functions with Opera Mobile and is growing with its customization ability. Nowhere near Firefox yet, though.

I would not even consider using IE unless you're on Windows 7. The security risk is just too great. Firefox is fun. If you know how to install and uninstall apps on your computer, you can tweak Firefox to be exactly what you want it to be. If you do a lot of online gaming (that is, games in your browser), they'll probably perform best in Chrome. If you have Opera on your phone and want to sync your experience between the two, give Opera a shot.

They are all free. Just give 'em all a shot.

CAVEAT:  Posted from Mozilla Firefox 3.7a2...
best browser I have ever used is google chrome, so simple and easy to navigate with. However, you can not add norton safe web or the an site advisor bars to the browser...
The best is google chrome but I face some problems with the flash player as some websites require flash player plug-in which when I try to download it I can't..
Mozilla Firefox,-
I would like to suggest Mozilla because I have been using Mozilla firefox for 4 years..and it always work very well..

