Are there website that you can do a background check on someone for free?
I want to do backgrond checks for free is that possible? Alot of site say they are free then when you get to the site they are not free.

Be wary of sites that say they are free.. there will always be a catch, most of them are scams or spam, or may be harmful (viruses, hacks, mal-ware).. 

Background checking costs money and manpower, so there isn't really anywhere you can get an accurate report for free, you have to pay in order to get a legitimate report.

Background checking companies pay to get access to different databases in order to give you the information you are looking for.. so it is only understandable that they charge you for their services.. 

You can also get a background check done in your local police or sheriff's office, they charge you around 20 bucks for the report depending on your state..

Hope this helps..
I have spent the last year researching and testing background check services for an online consumer review site (http://www.CompleteReviews.net ) and I can tell you that there are no free services for background checks.  These companies spend a ton of money just to access the information let alone the cost of setting up the sites and paying employees...

 The closest you will get to "free" is to find a site that is offering a low introductory rate.  I can tell you about one that will let you run unlimited background checks on as many people as you want for 4 days.  The cost is $4.95 which is pretty close to free.  If you 
want to access this service you can read more about it here... 

http://www.completereviews.net/unlimitedsearch.html 

Good luck!
Check out here http://smash-people-search.com/people-search.php. You can unlock the results within 24 hours. Within 24 hours after registering to unlock your free search results, you'll receive an email containing a user name/password for accessing your unlocked results.  You are never required to purchase anything in order to access your free results.
