How can I earn money online with my songs?
I make my own music and would like to share it all over the internet. I wanted to know if there was some way to make money by doing this. Tell me how much you get by doing this and how it works.

Post them on Itunes. (Itunes lets you sell your songs for 1$ each with them taking a percent; And millions of people use Itunes to download music to their PSP, Ipods, PCs and MACs)

I'm not sure as I haven't done it before but I have friends who talk about it.
DUDE I HAVE THE PERFECT THING. SERIOUSLY.

I found this site. You can upload the song to it and put a link on Youtube or anywhere. When people download your song you get money for each song.
 
Upload songs and when people download them you get money for each download!!

Its free you either get money by checks, paypal or credit. 

I LOVE IT.

LINK: http://sharecash.org/index.php?ref=19194бн
NO IDEA ON HOW TO MAKE MONEY BY SONGS BUT IF YOU WANT MONEY FOR SOME WORK AND YOU ARE INDIAN THEN THIS IS FOR ALL INDIAN MEMBERS 

Data Entry Jobs for Members

join here.this site is for only INDIAN members

http://www.earnparttimejobs.com/index.php?id=2492330

Join us and try our data entry jobs a few hours per day. You can work from home doing part time jobs like data entry jobs, form filling jobs, data processing jobs,etc.

Most of our members earn big through our referral program only. We provide training on how to refer the members. Simply refer other members and get paid. This is amongst the best part time jobs available online. You will see your earnings increasing month after month with very little efforts. Yes, It is that easy and you can start earning in the next few minutes with our data entry jobs. There is no limit how much one can earn , The more you work the more you will earn. 

Payments are made monthly via At Par Cheque/Paypal/Visa Money Transfer/Online Bank Transfer once your earnings reach Rs.2000/-. Cheques would be issued on OR arount 20th of each month for the previous month's earnings.
Today I have generated one google search and came up with awesome ideas about earning money online with any music. Check it out. It does sound awesome.
Try going to a local car dealership and ask them if they would pay you to write a song for one of there commercials. You can also start up a band (like my father does) and if you guys get good enough, a restuarant/bar would pay you to play there. If you are very skilled post your videos on youtube, get enough subscribers, and then start a partnership program with youtube (making money off of ads).
