Is Download Helper from firefox safe?
I want to download The add on from firefox called Download Helper. But i read a review saying it gave them a Trojan. But pretty much everyone els had no complaints. So does anyone have this and is it safe? (I have a brand new mac and cant afford to get a virus right now) :)

It is legit, I have been using it for years.
get comodo virus scanner then download it=]
Hi firefox is very good company 
It is very safe to use. 
As I Know i m using it from many years. 
You can use firefox for downloading or for browsing  without hesitating
yes its safe. the trojan people claim to have gotten was from installing things from unsafe sources. .flv videos and things like that.  i use the download helper all the time. however if you are using safari web browser you can do the same thing and its built in.  not many people know it even exist.  you open window/activity/ and find the flash file that is currently still loading as your video plays duble click and its downloading.  you might want a codec pack installed on your machine to play all video formats but its built in to safari. but its very hidden.  download helper for firefox works well but the video converting part of of you have to download extra software to use that. you tube videos will all be mp4 as long as you have quick time they will play.   you can install a codec pack. for the ather formats so you can play them in quick time or windows media player.   you can also download vlc player. it supports al those formats in its player. so playing any downloaded videos in vlc will work.   i use it all the time never had an issue with it.   but safari in Mac can do the same thing.  you have to do it before you video stops loading though.  like in youtube the red line if it gets all the way to the end the flash load stops and now its in memory. but in safari this is how you do it.   you click the video you want. make is start to play or load.   click window in the menu bar then click activity.  the selection that comes up you may have to click on the little triagle bullet next to it to expland the menu. its like a drop down menu.  on the right colon you will see file sizes. 0.0kb 23.0kb things like that.   find the one that is still loading.   it will say sumthing like 23 0f 50 mb and it will be still loading.  doubly click on it and your downloading it.   on the mac download a codec pack called perian. and one called flip for mac.  install both of these and quick time will play every video format thare is. you can download anything. and dont worry about viruses on your new mac. its not like a windows machine. they dont get viruses like windows machines do. you dont need an antivirus program on a mac.  its recomended sure. but its not a requirement like windows.  not even the admin user on the mac has open accsess to the file system.  that means without super user permissions any virus you get wont beable to do enough harm to your mac for it to matter.  to turn on super user  type sudo followed by the corosponding commend for what you want to do.  its kind of advanced. but you absolutly have to do that to have accsess to super user functions. so dont worry about the viruses your safe. most viruses are for windows anyways. so even if you got one the chances are it wouldnt do anything to your mac. if you have windows install on it it may attack windows but thats it. dont worry.  if you dont want to use safri to download these videos use download helper its safe.   if my description on how to use safri to do the same thing was to complicated for you. just do a youtube saerch for how to download videos in safari. thats how i laerned about it. good luck!!
