Artpad.art.com help about recovering old artpad work?
Okay, so in 2006, I went to artpad.art.com and made four "pieces".  I remembered my drawings, and went searching high and low through the internet and my email to find the four links. Lo and behold, I found them on a site I used to go to. Anyway, I click on the links, and none of them work. It pops up to the screen, and it shows a blank canvas, although the address bar still shows the link I clicked.

I was just wondering if there was anyway to get them back. I don't need them forever, just long enough so I can download it.

I know this is probably a lost cause, but I made them for my little cousins, and they would love to see it. I've checked archive.org, and nothing comes up.

I'll post the links, and if anybody can help me, I would greatly appreciate it.

http://artpad.art.com/gallery/?isi7lktec2s
http://artpad.art.com/gallery/?isjsoveds78
http://artpad.art.com/gallery/?islp8v5odk8
http://artpad.art.com/gallery/?it2fxgukgwc
No, I'm glad to see that I'm not the only one with these problems. The only other thing I could think to do was to email them and see if they save them to a hard drive or something. Maybe if I try it on another computer it'll work...

Sorry I'm sure you thought you had an answer when you saw someone posted, but no answer here.

I have the same problem but in a different way sort of. I've painted like 10 paintings and they all play back to me right there, but when I click "Save and Send" and I get the link for the painting...I click on the link that it gives me to share it, and it just brings me to the blank canvas screen and the address bar does in fact show the link I clicked.

I've tried sending it to my email and saving it as well as just clicking the straight link to the URL. 

I believe it has to be some sort of video playback issue, but I haven't been able to figure it out and have been trying for a couple days now. I've tried it on both FireFox and IE 8. I have the latest flash player.


Any other ideas?
