Any good websites that i can play games at school through proxies?
I WANT TO PLAY ROBOT UNICORN ATTACK but my school is run by jews.

Well, the "jews" don't want you playing games, because it isn't your network, your Internet service and they aren't your computers. 

And by the way, you know you're a racist anti-Semite as well as an idiot, right?
http://www.funbrain.com           most schools don't block that site, but yours may have... it has childish games, and you wont find 'robot unicorn attack' but this is as  close as you'll get...
well if u want game websites it is addictingames.com and if is a proxy freexp.info
if i knew i would not tell you your at school to learn not play game's on your laptop or cell phone!
use 1 of the below

whiteyahoo.info
blackyahoo.info
hotcampus.info
coolcampus.info
spoonbend.info
forkbend.info

proxies get blocked very fast..to get Fresh Proxies right to 

your mail
 join the group
http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/getaproxy/join
try these proxy such as :

www.adminsucks.com
www.gitudoang.com
www.freemyschool.com
www.gitudoang.net
www.freemyspace.cz.cc
www.13floor.co.cc
www.tvdirectory.co.tv
www.search4house.info
I always using http://www.surfxmatic.info to get a list of fresh, fast, new, safe, and working proxies everyday
also you can get a list of new proxies , IP address and Port numbers
>you can using it to bypass your school filter and play robot unicorn attack and also any other games <
also you can watch videos and write comments and access myspace, face-book, and youtube and also all sites for free and without advertisements

good surfing
where is my vote ?
Cheers
Unblock your favorite websites with this proxies


spaceship.6te.net

darkninja.coolpage.biz

littlestar.freeoda.com



I hope it would be helpfully for you
Poor baby! The mean teachers make you LEARN things at school instead of playing games. 
You're SO abused.
Web filters get more sophisticated every day. They can scan and detect proxies as soon as you try to use them. The most advanced systems can block you within seconds. Others send a report to the admin and the block is done manually.

The name of the proxy, how new it is, whether it¡¯s https or not does not matter. The proxy will be detected and blocked because it¡¯s a proxy.

There is also considerable risk in using free proxies from unknown sources. Many of these free proxies are what are called hacker pots. They are there waiting for you to fall into their trap so they can steal your information and plant bots on your computer. Once a bot is planted the hacker has control of your machine and can steal credit cards, attack web sites and send out tons of spam all from your IP address.

Some of the free proxies are run by people out to make money. There is nothing wrong with that in principle. However the best case here is that you will get a proxy loaded with advertisements with no real speed to it. The amount of money the owner can make with advertising clicks is really only pennies. Many of these owners supplement their income by key logging everything you do and selling your personal information to advertising companies. Since you have no way to know what the owner is actually doing you need to assume the worst case is true.

Read some more about free proxy servers below:

http://www.personalvpn.org/danger_proxy_servers.htm
We have 2 fresh proxies for you, which are not blocked at schools or works:

http://www.homecomputer.ro
http://www.findyourdating.com

You can access Facebook, Myspace, Youtube.... or anything else.

Happy Surfing !
Facebook, Myspace and other Proxy address that changes daily.

Today's address (3/5) is: 204.236.202.227 port 80

Get the daily free proxy address here:


http://www.wildtunnel.com
http://www.ippredator.com
http://www.countersurf.com
http://www.personalvpn.biz
Here are some great proxies that work at my school:

http://www.guardtunnel.com
http://www.unblockbook.biz
http://www.unblockfacebook.biz

All three have SSL and are very fast and compatible with MySpace/Facebook.

If they don't work, then here's a constantly updating list of proxies:

http://www.bestproxytopsite.net
...And Jews apparently don't let people play games?

Maybe they should be giving you lessons on tolerance.
