Ebay: am i likely to get an unpaid item strike?
i clicked buy it now for some jeans about 4 days ago which is ?30 and im supposed to be paying on saturday at the latest but i actually tried the jeans on in topshop (where they are from) and i don't really like them on me and they aren't as nice as i would have hoped.
its alot of money to pay for jeans that im not going to wear, and i am planning to contact the seller explaining this and offer the re-listing fee, but do you think i will get an unpaid item strike for this?
(i know its not fair on the seller and i should have been more investigative)
im not going to be put in jail, calm down... and the jeans are brand new so are worth that much, sorry i didnt want to purchase old jeans which have been worn serveral times and i have just contacted the seller explaining and apologising and if they wont let me off the hook i'll just pay and probably re-list the item myself

People like you is what is wrong with ebay. A bid is a legally binding contract to purchase. Wishy washy does not come into play in a legally binding contract. 

If you happened to be in THIS state, and the seller was also in this state, you could be placed in jail UNTIL you resolved the debt. 

You SHOULD contact the seller and see if he can sell the item to the next highest bidder, either way, you have cost the seller a certain amount of needless expense. They pay ebay based on your bid. The next highest bidder MIGHT have moved on. 

Also, why in the world you pay 30 lb for jeans when you can get jeans on ebay for cheap? I actually bought two NEAR NEW pairs of Levis for 5 dollars.

If I were the seller, guaranteed strike if you dont respond. Possible strike if #2 dont want the jeans, and I absorb the cost of the auction. If you make sure the seller is resolved on the auction cost, you might avoid this, but I personally absolutely hate people bidding, then canceling their bids or even worse winning the auction and deciding they did not want. I actually never issued strikes, but 3 or 4 neutral or negative feedbacks, out of several hundred customers.
No one is going to send you to jail over a pair of jeans.. but it is correct that's it's a binding contract. What happens depends on the seller. They may not mind or they may demand you follow thru with the transaction.
