HELP! need help on my diet! (badly!)?
Hi really need help! Over the past few months my diet has been VERY bad. It started when i wanted just lose a little bit of weight. I am 16 and 5'3 in height. I went from 8 stone to 7 in about 3 weeks. Then after that i began to eat ALOT more i gained the wight back on and went to 8 and a half stone in another 4-5 weeks. I am now back at 8 stone but want to be at 7. i keep saying to myself ok ill go on a diet tomorrow and eat hhealthyso i eat LOADS the day before thinking i will not be able to eat that food.... This is an eexampleof just what i have eaten today:
4 waffles and syrup.
a yogurt
20 small chocolate kisses
a chocolate muffin
cheese and nachos
an ice cream
and about a cup of cake mix.
That is not as bad as i was eating. I get to points where i start to cry because im not sure how to stop this and make me forget about food.
But i really need some help anyone with any advice please help Thank you

What does this have to do with Internet? o.o
Low Fat Foods DON'T WORK.

You cannot lose weight using Low Fat Diets. Low fat foods have been popular for more than 15 years, but yet our society is getting more overweight as each year passes. This fact alone should tell you that eating a purely low fat menu is not the answer to losing weight.

Low Calorie Diets DON'T WORK.

You won't lose weight using a Low Calorie Dieting Plan either. In fact, eating low calories is the worst thing that you can do to your body, since that will only slow down your body's fat burning engine and ruin all chances of losing weight (low calorie diets may allow a few pounds of weight loss for the first few days, but then after that all weight loss comes to a halt --- known as a dieting plateau). You can never get slim by starving yourself.

Low Carb Plans DON'T WORK.

You'll probably find it extremely difficult to get slim using a Low Carb Dieting Plan. Low carb diets have recently become popular over the last couple years, but the problem with low carb menus is that they are too strict and TOO HARD TO FOLLOW for average people. Low carb menus tend to rob your body of too much energy (carbohydrates) and make it nearly impossible to remain on the program for very long. This is why so many dieters find it difficult to follow a strict low carbohydrate menu.

What about Weight Watchers and Jenny Craig Dieting Plans?

Weight loss programs such as Weight Watchers (and Jenny Craig) usually involve slower dieting progress over a longer period of time, since such programs generally promise only 2-3 pounds of weight loss per week. Also, programs such as Jenny Craig usually involve buying special meals and/or dietary supplements during the initial phases of the program. While some people may like these types of dietary programs, we prefer a dieting plan which focuses on faster weight loss, such as the Accelerated Fat Burning Program. 

Check out the video at this blog to learn the only fast diet that works

http://best-fat-loss-tips.blogspot.com/
