Is Lockerz Safe to use? Lockerz or Swagbucks?
which one is better? and which one is safer?
my friend recently invited me to lockerz. i registered but it takes a long time to get points via watching trailers, entering codes. and you can only pick a prize during a redemption period? and i believe only one country at a time gets to do it.

while swagbucks doesn't have any redempention days, but the prices are really high.
and the prizes aren't very good.
takes forever to get points on lockerz, and not knowing when you can get a prize is weird..

Lockerz is better if don't want any surveys but if you don't mind surveys it is great to go with swagbucks.
both are good and legit.  It's very hard to get prizes on Lockerz because there are so many people and so few prizes.  Swagbucks at the moment, prizes are guaranteed if you get enough credits.  I've been getting a $5 Amazon gift card every half month on swagbucks, all from using swagcodes and normal searching habits.
they're both decent sites and they're both legit but Lockerz is a pain in the a** to get prizes from.  In my opinion Swag Bucks is slightly better just because theres no specific time you can get prizes and if you use a search engine a lot your swag bucks just build up steadily over time.  I also use a site called Points2Shop, if you're interested you should check it out here http://www.points2shop.com/?ref=Cilosybn  its similar to Lockerz and SwagBucks but I find it to be the best of those kinds of sites, you build up points  from doing advertiser's offers, playing games, contests, etc. and you use them to buy anything you want from Amazon, so theres a wider range of prizes and you can use your points anytime and the site is absolutely free, legit and safe
Lockerz definitely seems to have better prizes, but they are often close to impossible to get, and points are slow to earn. In my opinion, Swagbucks is better because the points are easier to earn, even if the prizes aren't always as great and often require a lot of points.
Basically...
Lockerz is much easier to get points on (in my opinion) but the prizes are more of a hassle to get.
Swagbucks makes it easy to get points (relatively) but some of the prizes take a long time to get as there are a lot of bucks required!
I think I like Swagbucks better though, just because there is a wider range of prizes (and more girls ones too; such as sephora gift card) and I like that :)

Good luck choosing! xox
