How we can come to know whether the article we are writing is orignal or not?
because on net almost everything is written I am using adsense A/c and blogging on moneymaking online can I write articles in my own words what if it is little bit similar to other sites because they also would have written it in their words will I ban & please provide a solution also I will be very very much thankfull to you

I understand your fear..Don't worry...As long as you don't copy long phrases same to same,Google won't ever penalize you..I wrote great articles for my business site though i was a beginner and newbie and my site is rocking from the day i signed to Article a Day Easy System...great successful site owners have learned from there,some are my site colleagues..Get signed up,its "dirt" cheap and pave your way to success..All the best..Below is the link....Go to it and get it...Its a real deal,believe me..

http://tinyurl.com/ydd3pu6
The good and easy way to check that the article is original or not is through google, go to google and paste complete article title and you can find that how many times same title is appearing on google and in how many websites, if it appears more than 5-10 times i would not recomend you to waste your time.

Then you should write your own Article, i will explain you how to write a good article that will boost your search engine rankings and of course money for you :).

Artcile Writing is very interesting and profitable, but more important is how to write and what are the techniques, i will explain you the techniques and if you will follow i hope Article Writing will become very easy and profitable for you.

1- First of all you need to focus on the base keyword for your article.
2- Your article contents should be unique and brief.
3- Your article should not exceed 500 wrods
4- Add base keyword in Article Title
5- Your Article should start with base keyword or at least should be on first line and bold
6- In Artcle body i mean content add your base keyword at least 3-4 times not more than this
7- If you add base keyword more than 5 times Search Engines will consider it to be spam.
8- Your base keyword should be bold or in heading 1 or Heading2 in body of article.
9- If you want to drive traffic to your article submit it to Squidoo and social bookmarking websites.
10- Of course submit it to digg.
