help!!!!! online surveys?
i saw many sites that pays you for doing online surveys.but i was wondering whether it is legal or not.
i live in India.if it is legal can you suggest some good sites.some also require a pay pal account.but to make a pay pal account we need a credit card can i make an account in pay pal without a credit card.
PLEASE HELP I REALLY WANT TO BUY A PROFESSIONAL VERSION OF AVIRA ANTI-VIRUS.
please don't ask me to use torrent or any such illegal stuff

It's legel but did u know any body get paid by them?
A lot of people complain of not been paid, so i see as a time wasted program. If you have prove send to me.
In my opinion surveys won't work for you. They are totally fake. For completing one survey, you have to visit numerous sites and after many signups and logins, they will give you 0.25$ or just like that. Believe me, i also started thinking of earning money online through surveys but i realized that its too hard and that no 100% real. but if you want to give a try go to this site: 
http://www.cash-harvest.com/index.php?view=home&

If you are doing it to buy an Avira Antivirus, why don't you download it using torrent. Then you can have a full working Avira Pro Antivirus for free.
Trust me, don't believe in surveys. They are 100% fake. Better use torrents.
I tried these before and although I didn't make any money because of my location and interests. They send you so much spam in unbelievable some they send you that require a credit card. They are videos on youtube of people make a few bucks from it but its not worth it in my opinion your time will be better spent learning how websites work and marketing methods to promote a business.
1.) You are right my friend......
There are many survey sites offering online surveys........
But some are fake some are legit...
Some of the Good ones are:::::::::::::::
www.surveyhead.com
www.greenfieldonline.com
in.aipsurveys.com
www.surveyspaysu.com

They are absolutely free and are good ones........

2.) If you want professional version of AVIRA-ANTIVIRUS
You can get it from torrentz.
STEPS
1. download utorrent software from www.utorrent.com
2. visit www.torrentz.com
3. search for avira antivirus pro
4. download its torrent
5. Open the torrent
It is very difficult to find the right ones if you do not know what you are looking for. I myself have joined many and am very pleased with what I get in return. I'm not sure how many of them that I have joined take members from other countries but you can check them out and see for yourself. On my blog I have provided a list of links to many of them with tips that some people are afraid to give. Many of them pay via paypal and some by check. Here is a link to my blog so you can check it out for yourself. I have helped many people who are looking for this very thing. Best of luck to you on your journey.
http://piper-of-pipers-lair-blog.blogspot.com/
Sat Nam, **(-_-)**
Piper
