why is stuff so much cheaper on ebay?
i'm skeptical..things are drastically cheaper...and they claim to be new,unused products..so why the huge discount?

Because you get it from people, and not from the stores. Even when ebay says that they are new and unused, sometimes that isn't true, because people do lie on there.
Ebay Sellers and Stores don't have as many expenses as regular stores have.  There is no need to pay rent, pay employees, and all the other bills that come with running a brick & mortar store.  They save, so you save.  I buy almost everything from Ebay and I have never had any problems.
It's eBay.
i have no idea but i don't complain .. ive recently bought a nice pretty dress for $2.75 ! that's cheap and it was a pretty dress .. i also bought a nice red dress that is in good condition for $4 .. i bought a beautiful brown summer skirt for $6 and it was also in good condition .. i like ebay
because a lot of companies on ebay buy them in massive amounts, also they don't have to worry about store front property, so they keep the prices lower.
you're basically paying what the stores pay, except the store add on taxes, and other fees, etc.
Sometimes people buy things and do not use them. Others get their products from stores unsold merchandise inventory.
Two possible solutions..
1. the owners are jut desperate to get rid of it
or
2. It has been used, just not
damaged.
Cuz people what to sell them lol... when you goto a store and you see a big sale on items, are you skeptical 2? If you dont like the item you can return it to the seller... then again, alot of people sell imitations, like a cheaper version of the original product thats made by some joe in China, most likely will lack quality..
they ain't.  generally i can now get new stuff cheaper from other places than ebay.

for used stuff they are still ok for the most part.

and especially if u can read chinese, u can find massive cheap stuff online way cheaper than ebay.
Well, sometimes they aren't new and unused, and also, eBay can make a lot of money by selling stuff in general, so they don't have to raise prices to get money.  Also eBay needs to keep its reputation of cheap so they keep stuff with low prices.  On top of it all, eBay also is very rich, which means they don't need high prices, and my guess is that they also have cheap shipping and stuff which reduces cost.
Hello, @ least the majority of the products sold on e-bay are USED products, but the sellers like to lie by pretending that the products are new or unused & they ask for a cheap price of course, so that they can simply convince u by the product that it's still in good condition so that they can sell it to u.
If u want to buy something new and cheap i advice u to try www.amazon.com & there a lot good site like amazon but i wish i know them
I mean : on e-bay u buy ur product from ordinary people like u or me or anybody else who want to get rid of there stuff.
               On amazon u buy a new unused product because it's a company who's selling u.
