ripped off on ebay, please help.?
well it wasnt me but my bf. he is a minor, i know not suppose to have an ebay account techniquelly but yeah. he bought something for $100, a collectible, and won the bidding and payed using green dot and then paypal. well the guy never sent and my bf sent emails and stuff and the guy answered back once that he didnt send it out yet due to "personal problems" and that he would send it soon with "additional stuff" and well time went by and the thing never came. well he never used his account again.

well the problem was i dont noe ebay, AT ALL. and just found out that it has 45 days of getting money back and reporting. well this happend in november and so i wanted to know if there is anything else we can do to maybe find the guy and possibly get the money back.
i have his account name and possibly email address but i dont know what to do.

his name on ebay is justson2008. and is said to live in new jersey.

so please please please help.
well i know ebay or paypal pretty much cant help at this point but is there a way to get like a lawyer, and investigator, police, whoever to track the person down......

file a complaint in paypal. You can do that whenever, go back to the account he used for paypal, and look in the history, and file a complaint on it.
if anything, try using a paypal dispute with the guy. it MAY get your money back.

someone disputed me once for a "false description" and what happens is they lock the persons paypal account and funds till the dispute is over. 

it usually works to get your money back, give it a try, on the paypal website
Unfortunately that happens...Too bad you didn't email ebay about the complaint a lot sooner. I guess that will just have to be a hard lesson learned not to wait so long to report not receiving the item & not to trust everyone ...now they have it so you can pretty much know if they can be trusted by the remarks they get and feedback. and their score.  I will check to see if he is still a seller and watch out for him for you though if that will make you feel any better. (I am a seller and in good standing for over 4 years now)
there is really nothing you can do. you should have reported it before hand. you wont get anything back due to using a pre paid account and being under age by not following the small print. sorry about your lost but i wish there was better laws out there for that. or a center they have to send it to first to get the money from it.
try using paypal to file a complaint or whatever . Ebaay sucks try amazon.com
Hello Contact Ebay and tell them everything that happend including your messages talking to the guy! contact them asap!!!
I agree with Penny & Chris, its too late to file a dispute/claim through ebay & paypal. 

I asked your question to ebays virtual agent this was the reply

 Unfortunately, if it has been over 45 days you are not covered through PayPal Buyer Protection. In this situation you should still open a case against the seller. PayPal tracks seller performance trends in the event we need to take action to protect other buyers
