How to be a GOOD web cam model?
i know i can easily become one, I just wants some tips from anyone who has become one or knopws about it. i'm really good looking, and i want to model for as many sites as possible. and i want to take requests to make more money and such. what sites are good and how much money am i looking to make? thank you :)

You're right it is very easy to become one. Looks are important, but as far as your long term success personality plays a bigger role. It's not hard to make an above average income, but if you really want to make the big money you need to have regular customers. You're personality is what will help you develop regulars. The really big money comes if you get some of those regulars that just want to come and talk to you whether you are "performing" or not. I guess you could call them webcam sugar daddies.

As for modeling for as many sites as possible there are two ways to go about doing that.
1. Simulcasting - You work on multiple sites at one time. That is a bit difficult, because you have multiple chat screens to pay attention to. Some sites will not allow you to do it. Other sites will, but if you are not giving their customers the attention they need you will be terminated. Also when you go into a private chat on one then you'll need to go off of the others. If you end up having viewers on different sites purchase private chats at the same time, then you have a dilemma if they are wanting to see different things. I've heard of people taking this route, but it's not recommended especially if you are new. You'll probably earn more working one site at a time and focusing your attention on it.
2. Join a network of sites. We have a network of over 1,000 sites that our models appear on. Since they are all tied in to the same software you don't have the issues you do with simulcasting.

In response to your question about how much money you are looking to make, it really varies. I know models who never made any money and I know some who earn over $100K a year. It depends on several things. How much traffic the site has, how good you are at getting people into private chat, your rating on the site, whether or not you are a "featured" performer, how many regulars you have, charge backs and deductions, and how much the site pays per minute. Some people make the mistake of thinking that a higher per minute rate means more money, but that's actually the least important. I know a model on a site that pays almost twice as much per minute than one of the site networks I work with. She hardly makes any money, but our models are some of the highest paid in the industry. The difference is that the site she was on just gives the models a tip sheet and leaves them on their own and has much less traffic. Our sites spend that extra money on people to give individual support to models to help them become better and earn more as well as on promoting the sites. Her site had less than 10 million visitors a month, but ours have 5 million visitors a day. As a result our models have more opportunity for private chat and they have more people watching the private show (the per minute rate is paid for each person).

There are a handful of really good sites, a lot of decent ones then some that are just pathetic. I work with two very good sites. There is a link to one of them in my profile. It's typically the best opportunity for beginners, because of the huge network of sites, enormous volume of traffic to the sites and the personal support and training. The other site I work with is great too and does have a lot of Traffic. You can earn more per minute, but there are charge backs and there isn't as much traffic. Some do better on it and some do better on the one in my profile. I'll email you a link and also info on how you can use both sites (at different times) to maximize your income.
As a gay model for live jasmin working about 20 hr. A week I make avg. 800 take home, and then on the 3 other models I've helped get started I make an extra 100.
