What is the deal with this Swagbucks website?
So i heard about this website and earning swagbucks. Why do they do this? And also is there any catch to this? i feel like something is wrong.  y would they just be gving out free stuff? I want to know if this is a trustable site.

"If it's too good to be true, then it probably isn't."
it is real i have an account.the catch is getting points is hard as hell to do unless u invite about a million    people
its not hard it took me 2 weeks and i had enough swagbucks for a $5 gift card to amazon
all you do is search stuff on their google powered search engine and get points to redeem stuff like electronics and gift cards

if interested use this link http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/jorby11
It¡¯s a scam. I was a member of swagbucks for 4 months and never got a thing. I ordered a laptop and it NEVER came. I called the company and asked them to give me a refund but they would not do it. Don't trust them it¡¯s a scam! I found points2shop and its way better.

Points2shop is by far the best site for earning free cash/prizes. I've been a member of all the get free stuff websites: Prizerebel, Swagbucks, Lockerz, Rewards1, and cashcrate. They were all really hard to earn points on. It was very time consuming. And I never got anything from those sites.

If I were you I'd go to points2shop. You can earn points so easily on points2shop by completing offers, surveys, playing games, or simply by clicking on links! It¡¯s that easy! I just received an ipod nano from points2shop in the mail last month. You get all your prizes directly off amazon.com, which makes shopping for prizes a lot easier because amazon has every item you could possibly want. 

Points2shop is best, fastest, and easiest site for getting free stuff. Best of all Points2shop is 100% free.If you need to know more information you can check their forums where members post the things that they have received for earning points on the points2shop website below.

The only way to get 250 free bonus points is by going to the link below and signing up.

http://www.points2shop.com/?ref=salibu
A lot of people enter sweepstakes for things and think they are buying stuff then complain when it doesnt arrive. Swagbucks is judt fine. You use their search engine to earn bucks.. It only gives you a  few each day and it takes quite a while to save up for anything. Amazon cards are popular. 
I use this site and they give you extra bucks for signing other up in your name, so thats a big help too.. 

http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/cazglancy   is mine, it will help me out too if you join from that link. Also it will give you 30 swag bucks to set you off. 

Have you tried lockerz? It is kinda similar but much easier to earn points and gifts.. Unfortunately it only allows membership through members. If you would like to try it, message me at cazglancy@gmail.com and i will send you the link..

Good luck
