Is it possible to ever buy something on Lockerz?
Swagbucks is impossible (I got 50 Swagbucks in like 4 months), and Lockerz is always sold out.

Lockerz is a bigger scam that Swagbucks!
It¡¯s a scam. I was a member of lockerz for 3 months and never got a thing. I ordered an ipod nano and it NEVER came. I called the company and asked them to give me a refund but they would not do it. Don't trust them it¡¯s a scam! I found points2shop and its way better.

Points2shop is by far the best site for earning free cash/prizes. I've been a member of all the get free stuff websites: Prizerebel, Swagbucks, Lockerz, Rewards1, and cashcrate. They were all really hard to earn points on. It was very time consuming. And I never got anything from those sites.

If I were you I'd go to points2shop. You can earn points so easily on points2shop by completing offers, surveys, playing games, or simply by clicking on links! It¡¯s that easy! I just received an ipod nano from points2shop in the mail last month. You get all your prizes directly off amazon.com, which makes shopping for prizes a lot easier because amazon has every item you could possibly want. 

Points2shop is best, fastest, and easiest site for getting free stuff. Best of all Points2shop is 100% free.If you need to know more information you can check their forums where members post the things that they have received for earning points on the points2shop website below.

The only way to get 250 free bonus points is by going to the link below and signing up.

http://www.points2shop.com/?ref=salibu
yes, i got something during the last redempion...
i used http://www.lockerzalerts.com, they send you a free sms message whenever there is a redemption at lockerz, you just need to subscribe!
There are sites better than Swagbucks and Lockerz. At Lockerz, it's easy for you to get points, but it's hard for you to get prizes.

Let me introduce to you, SuperPoints. SuperPoints is a site that you can get points for doing searches, clicking buttons, completing offers and surveys, and referring your friends. You can win prizes such as electronics, gift cards, and even CARS! Here's my referral link: http://www.superpoints.com/spd/garyluczon1 Please use it for a free 500 SuperPoints.
You just have to login early during redemptions. I have had some opportunities to get paypal, but missed actual prizes I wanted because of work. A very fast internet connection helps out a lot as well. My friend recently got an Itouch and he got skullcandy headphones. (He joined earlier than I did). Don't give up though. For the amount of work that is put into Lockerz, it is still a pretty good deal.
Yes just wait for the redemptions!
It just takes time for lockerz to restock because it costs money to buy all those things. Also since so many people are on lockerz, the prizes run out fast. My advice to you is to invite 20 people, become a z lister and get 4 pointz for everything instead of 2 ptz.
