extremely important! i'm concerned for my safety!!! (internet)?
about a year ago i was on this website, called "nextornot.com" and i would talk to alot of guys just be flirty, never sent "bad" pics, but they could see a few photos of me... not bad or anything though, just face shots, and i never gave any information, only my first name thats it. 

and so on facebook i got a friend request from one of the guys i talked to and i was wondering how he found me!! but i havent talked to that guy for like a year! and i havent been on that website for a year. But i just got really scared and freaked out... so i blocked him, removed him from friends, because for a little while i didnt recognize him, then after i realized, i did that... 

i changed all my privacy settings to everything can only be seen by friends... 

is there anything else i need to do to be safe from this guy? 

and he is older than me he is like 20 and im 15!! when i first talked to him he told me he was 16!! so i got SUPER freaked! 

but i still feel like he might stalk me or something, becasue i was  friends w/ him on facebook for 2 days b4 i blocked him, he can do alot in the short time! he could of found my school, and contact info... and apparently he lives close to me!!

what do i do!! im kinda freaked, thanks!
if i tell my parents, they will kno i was on that sight talking to stangers on the internet, and trust me i know its wrong i learned that like a year ago when i canceled my account for that site... yea lol

just completely ignore him and block him from your life and thoughts

if he has no contact with  you he cant effect your life
he's not going to stalk you...just dont talk to him, and if he does, just tell him to fack off.
if he tries anything, just report him. dont get overly stressed over it.
Change your ip
Tell your parents 
call the cops
You could change your screen name and make it something funny instead of your real name or you can change your profile pic to something with a large group of friends so they can't tell which ones you or make your profile pic something like just your eye,or i think there a privacy setting on facebook that ,if you don't want to ever be searched by someone you can take that off and only you can search people. But so far what youve done is good too.hope this helps!
