Proxies without 'proxy' in the url?
I need to bypass my school's content blocker; but after previous escapades they have blocked every proxy website with the word 'proxy' in the url. Could you give me a list of possibilities (the more the better) so I could try them out. thanks

Don't think some how you are going to get round that one then, because proxies have the word "proxy" somwhere in the URL.

I'm surprised companies and schools hadn't thought of that one yet!
Most blocking programs know about the common proxies. It's a game of cat and mouse, you find one that's not on the list and then the blocking software will find out about it and block it. 

But beware because when it does find the one you are using your PC will end up on a report somewhere saying you tried to use a banned site.
Web filters get more sophisticated every day. They can scan and detect proxies as soon as you try to use them. The most advanced systems can block you within seconds. Others send a report to the admin and the block is done manually.

The name of the proxy, how new it is, whether it¡¯s https or not does not matter. The proxy will be detected and blocked because it¡¯s a proxy.

There is also considerable risk in using free proxies from unknown sources. Many of these free proxies are what are called hacker pots. They are there waiting for you to fall into their trap so they can steal your information and plant bots on your computer. Once a bot is planted the hacker has control of your machine and can steal credit cards, attack web sites and send out tons of spam all from your IP address.

Some of the free proxies are run by people out to make money. There is nothing wrong with that in principle. However the best case here is that you will get a proxy loaded with advertisements with no real speed to it. The amount of money the owner can make with advertising clicks is really only pennies. Many of these owners supplement their income by key logging everything you do and selling your personal information to advertising companies. Since you have no way to know what the owner is actually doing you need to assume the worst case is true.

Read some more about free proxy servers below:

http://www.personalvpn.org/danger_proxy_servers.htm
I always using http://www.surfxmatic.info to get fast, new, safe, and working proxy sites everyday
also you can get a list of new proxies , IP address and Port numbers
you can using it to bypass your school filter
you can watch videos and write comments and access myspace, face-book, ebuddy, bebo, and youtube and also all sites for free and without advertisements

good surfing
where is my vote ?
Cheers
http://alertsurf.com/
My favorite proxy to use is http://www.guardtunnel.com - works at my school.

It has like everything - Facebook/YouTube/MySpace support, SSL Encryption (very hard to block, and safe to use), not too many ads, and its really fast! Plus it has an ad-free version that I use, you just gotta fill out a quick 2 minute survey - http://www.guardtunnel.com/ad-free/

Hope I helped you out!

Oh, and here are some other ones that also work (just in case):

http://www.unblockbook.biz
http://www.unblockfacebook.biz
http://arcade-bg.com
http://allfreeforme.co.cc
You can try one of the links below. They're pretty new so they should work in most places, they work with facebook, myspace and youtube and have no download limits.

http://surfthewww.com
http://hidemytrack.com

You can also bookmark http://centralxy.com which will list any new and reliable.
We have 2 fresh proxies for you, which are not blocked at schools or works:

http://www.homecomputer.ro
http://www.findyourdating.com

You can access Facebook, Myspace, Youtube.... or anything else.

Happy Surfing !
