i found a website where i can make money, is it legal?
okay so i found a website which seems to let you make really easy money, i signed up 2 days ago and have already made ?20. what it involves is sending your friends to a fake id website, and then if they buy one you get paid. i was just wondering that because im not actually selling anything would it be legal to do it?

the website is http://www.yourfakeid.co.uk

i don't trust it go here it's more trusted http://www.expotv.com
not ilegal, but unethical, and where do you suppose the aleged ?20 comes from ? your friends
You are promoting an illegal service! so that makes you an accomplice to the crime.
think of it as being charged with receiving stolen goods, ok you didnt steal the goods but you bought them!
Maybe not illegal but definately unethical.You want to encourage your friends to buy fake ID-what kind of friend does that make you? Fake ID can cost people like myself that work behind the bar in a pub or any outlet that sells alcohol;their jobs,a fine and the possibility of of a jail sentence and criminal record!
What you're doing is not illegal, it's not very nice though
According to the site this 'novelty' item costs ?20 and you get 10 %, so that's 10 'friends' you've abused already!

What they're doing is borderline legal - maybe, and probably illegal if it was investigated properly.
They say it's a novelty item, but they know full well some underage drinkers will see it as a possible way to flout the law.

That's assuming this isn't just fairly plausible spam in the first place
Do various searches online for keywords such as home based virtual assistant, hire virtual assistant, hire data entry operator or clerk, outsource word processor, outsource data entry .,.. those types of terms should help you locate legitimate companies that hire independent contractors to work from their homes providing administrative type services. You should never have to pay for these types of opportunities ... just as you wouldn't pay to interview with or apply at a company for a job opening.

Hope this helps
Get into internet marketing, it doesn't have to cost you a cent.
Get a site, get traffic to it (a separate blog might help here) and all sales you generate are yours.
This  is one example: http://job--listings.info/MyFreeAffiliateSite
A buddy of mine got a fake driving licence from some website. I couldnt believe it when he showed the licence to me, it looked perfect ha ha. 

Think the website is called http://www.Stealth-ID.com
Why not have a website? See:
http://computereweb.com/wfh-training
they train you for free, show you what to do.
