Request recommendations IE versus Firefox?


Firefox, no contest!
FIREFOX
They're both good.  I tend to use IE8, but Firefox is exceptional as well.  It's really a matter of personal preference which one you go with.  Try them both and see which you like more.
If you're going to go for one of those, download Firefox.
It's much safer, faster, and versatile.
Firefox Vs IE.

Firefox is safer and faster.

Also try Google Chrome Plus. I like it better than IE or Firefox.

Try all three and then choose the one you like the best.
IE is my favourite - personal preference - they are pretty equal - IE9 will murder firefox when it comes to browsing though, so stick with IE, until then, then decide. 

They both have there ups and downs though, but I run with IE.

AND, regardless of what the others seem to say, Firefox is no safer, just this week a major floor in its security has been uncovered. 

Each have there faults - IE is the better one at the moment though both are exceptional.
Firefox.
- PAGE info. 
What would I do without it?

- Tabs 
Are not a rip-off of firefox

- Security 
Is the same or better than IE - and please don't say Firefox is rubbish - a while back a government questioned IE's security.

- IE will never beat firefox.
Firefox has SO many add-ons it is unbelevible, and all in ONE place.

If not firefox, chrome because of the huge screen area (lack of toolbars, they are made visible through contol + key)
No difference. FF is just a clone of IE. A browser is just a tool to access the internet. Nothing more and nothing less.

As regards speed? All depends on the speed of your CPU, the size of your RAM and the speed of your internet connection. Chuck into the mix, the time of day, what site your on and what you are doing.

What slows any browser down is the junk on it. I run IE 8 on the bare minimum. 

Tabs, Feeds, In Private, Filtering etc all have been disabled. Don't want them, see no need for them and have no use for them!

I've tried every browser going and have taken them all off within a week because are all a load of crap!

I run IE on a 20 Mb/s cable service and have never had a problem with it doing the job it's supposed to do.
