Why is my internet connection so slow?
I'm with TalkTalk and our telephone exchange is only around the corner so should have a reasonable connection.

But i've just been on speedtest.net and it showed my speed as 0.45mb which i've been told is ridiculous!

Why is it so bad and what can I do?

Also any suggestions on the best ISP to use?

Thankyou

Have you to many programs running or have you recently installed a spyware system one of these things could slow you up .
Try switching off your router for a minute or 2 then switch it back on ..


  Contention ratio is the maximum number of people that you could be sharing a broadband connection with. For example a 50:1 ratio means that as a worst case you could be sharing the broadband pipe with up to 49 other users. So if they were all using it at the same, theoretically your broadband speed would be lower. However, in reality this scenario is very unlikely to happen and you should always find it to be far faster than a dial-up modem connection.

The contention ratio on TalkTalk Broadband is:

1Mb = 48-1
3Mb = 24-1
7.6Mb = 24-1
blame the government. They are getting ready to turn it off! to hide the truth!
I too am with Talktalk and my exchange is about 2.5miles away.My download speed varies between 4.5Mb/sec to about 3.85Mb/sec.depending on the time of day. When I signed up at Carphone Warehouse I was told the speed would be 7.3Mb/sec from my exchange and up to 8Mb/sec.(I assume the 8Mb/sec was obtained with a 'Boost 'payment) 
Had I known that Talktalk was connected to AOL I would not have signed up. At the time I was also told that the connection charge was free and would be paid back at the first or second bill. I have contacted them about it and had a telephone call to say that it has been credited to my account. There is no sign of it on my fourth bill.
If you search on Answers for Talk talk and speed, see what others have said.
I think you get what you pay for (if you are lucky) BT is expensive, that is why I changed, but I think its possibly the best.
Any ADSL broadband is *up to 8 Mb or whatever because any provider including BT themselves cannot guarantee any speed at anytime because they are using an out of date telephone system that was designed and built for voice only in the 1930's.

There are too many variables to take into consideration.

1. Distance from Exchange. Although that exchange might be around the corner you might not even be connected to it.

2. Condition of equipment, how up to date it is including the Exchange.

3. Age and condition of wiring, joins, corrosion in the system.

4. Line noise. Will affect it badly.

5. How heavily the exchange is subscribed to.

6. How many people are on at any one time.

Any combination of those will drag your speed down. As much as BT and other providers would like, even they can't change the laws of physics.

Even changing wont make much difference because you will be still using the same equipment!

Also with any speed test that is that result at that time. You can test again a minute later and it will be different again. You can't just rely on one single test. You have to several over a period of time to get a proper average. To show you what I mean, I did this one at 21;57

http://www.speedtest.net/result/738547759.png

and this one at 22:01

http://www.speedtest.net/result/738550701.png
Have check you pc make sure why is your pc is slow.
 http://registry.tp5pro.net/Slow_PC
There are MANY reasons for computer slow downs:
 not enough memory
 too many programs starting up with windows at boot up time
 too many junk files
 too many restore points

Clean windows registry can speed up the computer.
Over time, you install new programs, uninstalled unimportant programs, update software's, install new devices, 
download files from the web, etcetera, hence embarking all records in the registry system.
This is normal, but it is not wise to leave it untouched. 
Once in a while, you have to check and remove files that are no longer in use to maintain the speed of your PC.
Clean registry make pc faster.
http://downloadlk.com
