Do internet pirates profit from what they do?
I am writing a research paper on a possible ethical dilemma caused by internet piracy. (With main focus on the music industry and lately, the movie industry)

There has been one thing that I could not find though, and that is: those who upload material for others to download for free--do they profit in any way?  Do they distribute songs/movies/etc for free, and just do so because they feel like being nice to others? (besides the media industries, of course)

I know in a few cases, hackers would put viruses in pirated software in order to send it around. Or some sites may charge you; but please disregard those for now.  I am concerned with direct monetary gain or profit by the pirates themselves.

Any further comments regarding the morality of internet piracy is welcome as well!

Thanks in advance

some people get payed to put adware in the software but for the most part people do it for fun or just for the challenge.
Most pirates just upload the files as a challenge. A lot of pirates will put viruses in the files to spread spam, steal credit card information, etc. Some well-known pirates will upload files for fame. Such as uploading new released movies a couple days after their premier.
Pirates enjoy what they do. And no, a good pirate group will not put any viruses in their uploaded files.

As far as I know, piracy has no profit for the pirates themselves. When it comes to videogames, they have to buy the game first and work on it to create a "crack". Such groups of pirates crack games for a challenge, or sometimes to prove a point. Have you heard about the war between Ubisoft and pirates that's going on right now? Ubisoft released an offline game with a mechanic that makes it work like an online game, which makes it harder(maybe even impossible) to crack. Ubisoft's servers were attacked(probably by russian pirates) which makes the clients angry and demand the removal of such a mechanic, and some groups(in USA) are working on a crack to prove a point - every game can be cracked.

Pirates never talk about their activity publicly, so maybe they get a profit from something, but most likely not.
