Make money online without much skill (survey etc is fine)?
I searched make money online sites but there are too many sites and it seems fake. I don't know which one is actually true and really works. So is there anyone who is using money making websites? (sites that u don't have to pay or give ur credit card info etc) I heard that there is survey site that pays you. If anyone know real site please tell me :)
Thank you all ^^ I really appreciate it. I tried every site you suggested but there is one big problem >_< I'm from Japan. I guess there is no online site for international... That's kinda sucks kkk :P But I'm sure your answers will be useful for others :) 
If you know international site then pls let me know!! ^^

Scam
The simple answer, that you don't want to hear, is that they are all scams.

There are a couple, and I mean only 1 or 2, "secret shopper" programs that are legit, although it requires you to check out particular stores, rate dozens of different things you observe, send in documentation, etc. and you get paid $10 to $20 per "job" that will likely take you an hour or two to complete.  Payment takes 4 to 8 weeks.  I don't remember the name of it, but they do NOT ask for *any* kind of financial information, no payment up-front etc...

Some survey sites like harris pol online are also legit, but they send you 1 or 2 surveys a week and you get "points" that you can trade for items like cordless phones, a magazine subscritpion etc.  Expect about a year to get enough points for a $40 cordless phone... 

You simply are not going to find a legitimate "make real money" offer on the internet.  If it came in through email, it is *guaranteed* to be a scam.  If it was a pop-up on a web site, it's also 100% scam.  If it came up in a search, but wasn't a pop-up, it's 99.99% likely to be a scam.
you can try "get paid to" sites, in resources is one I use and I earn $20/month only from referrals
You could try network marketing. It allows you to work around your schedule, kids, school, etc.

Find something that peaks your interest. Perhaps make-up, clothing, accessories, shoes, health products, cleaning products, baskets, etc.

Just find something that you can get excited about and then go for it.
Hey i am 13 and make HUNDREDS of this method!
http://www.envirofile.org/download/14044
Seriously give it a go!
I was doing hard work of finding home based/ online jobs. Luckily I found this website:
http://workathome-opportunities.info They gave me list of top companies. I clicked and find many jobs. Did one job and received my pay yesterday. Best place for home based jobs.
