Internet problem connecting to one site?
I am at work, and use GOOGLE alot for my job because I am a receptionist, and it helps get numbers and such for my customers. But as of late I can get almost every site except that. It says it cannot connect to the internet. Even if i type in GMAIL. I was thinking maybe it was blocked in my company, but other employees on the same network get it with no problem. I don't have administrative rights on this computer. Is there a simple solution to this? I tried restarting the computer, and unplugging the router to reset it with no luck. 

Any help is greatly appreciated!
I tried to do the flush DNS, but when I even try and open IPCONFIG window it just closes out and disappears. I don't know why....

try pressing the windows button and r together, once this is done type in 'cmd'

a command box will open up.

type into the command box that opens:

ipconfig /flushdns

exactly as it is typed on the above line.

What this does is clear the cache of IP addresses held locally (what you are describing can happen if this cache gets corrupted)

Once you have flushed the cache, the PC will begin to re-build your local cache.

This means that it will re-index the google web page and send you to the correct page rather than the corrupted destination that is help on your local cache.

I know it sounds complex but its a really easy solution.
It is may be due to some IP problems.

Try to use some kind of antifilters, such as Ultrasurf (www.ultrasearch.com).

Download it free and install it. Then go to your Internet Explorer and try to visit the Google web pages.

If the problem got solved, then you can use 127.0.0.1 (for IP) and 9666 (for port) in the Proxy settings on firefox ( Tools | Options| Advanced | Networks| settings. In the "settings" dialog box, enter the mentioned IP and Port digits)

if you decide to use this antifilter, then dont forget to do something after you want to close it. Go back to proxy settings which I told you earlier and remove that digits). Otherwise firefox cant connects to internet

Good Luck
