Can you give me some advice on this eBay scenario involving a bidder for an item of mine?
I have two auctions for similar items.  A potential bidder contacted me and asked if I would sell the items in both auctions for a fair price, and allow him to send me a prepaid Fedex shipping label since he has an account with them, rather than using the USPS like I had listed.  He was willing for me to do the transaction through Paypal or through a new auction on eBay with a buy it now price after removing the previous two auctions.  It sounds reasonable to me that someone would want to save on shipping if they have an existing account.  And it appears that there's no risk to me since I will receive payment and the shipping label before sending the items.  The only downside I see is that the bidder has private feedback (though his rating is over 100) with no activity in the last 12 months.

Am I missing something?
Is this a scam?
Is there ever a good reason to make your feedback private?

It sounds fair enough, but I would ask what his postage is with UPS and either come to some arrangement over cost (ie if he pays ?10, charge ?10 for postage) and do it all in the buy it now auction) that way you have all your money, you will have his address if it goes wrong and protection via ebay and paypal.

As his feedback is private and he hasnt bought/sold anything for 12 months you cannot see what the % positive/negative feedback is (as this is calculated on 12 month). 

Private feedback is one of the things i dont like on ebay as you cant see what others say about them ie slow payer, never pays, cheque bounced, item didnt arrive, item faulty etc etc. 

So try to protect yourself with ebay and paypal 

Also, just on a worst case scenario, your items are very very expensive, collectable items. He pays via paypal with a stolen card, you send him your address so he can send the label to you, how do you know he isnt going to pop round himself late at night and collect them himself whilst your asleep ?
You could cancel the auctions (maybe?), and re-do it with the buy it now price. If the buyer is honest about his intentions, he will buy it. Always keep it on Ebay, else Paypal will not cover you in case of some scam.
If he sends a pre-paid shipping label, you can always verify that with Fedex once you get the label - that would be real if Fedex verifies it...
I would just like to offer some info in re to both public & private feedback
Members with private feedback cannot sell
Any buyer cannot receive negative feedback - sellers cannot give negs/neutrals for about the last two years so every member that doesnt sell will have a 100% rating 
If a seller leaves any buyer a negative comment with a postive rating, the buyer can report this to ebay & they will remove the comment.

I have made my buying id private just because I dont want anyone including my nosey friends to view my purchases. Really a buyers feedback is meaningless because all they can get are positives!

Now after saying all that the fact your buyer has had no activity in the last 12 months is a bit concerning.  I agree with the other answerer & phone them to confirm their identity.
Never allow a Buyer to arrange their own shipping. 
You will have no proof for a Paypal claim of it not arriving (INR)
Think you may have someone trying to play the system here; if by chance you decide to let the auction run (and he wins) make sure you send the item tracked.
Dont do the deal off ebay; and you maybe get a better price if you let it run- or ask him to bid up to the agreed amount; then end the auctions and sell to the highest bidder (him)

Private feedback would only be neccessary for items of a personal nature- I think it should be banned from ebay
