free online way to earn money?
I am looking for a online job or way to make extra cash that does not cost something to start. I am 20 and have very good computer skills.

Sorry, that kind of thing does not really exist.  You need to pay to get into sites that pay.  They know they have a good thing and do not give it away.  Anyone who claims to have a free moneymaking site is most likely just trying to scam you.  Be very careful of that.
No really. But don't fall for the work at home envelope jobs! Or typing jobs. They are all a scam. If you need some help, you should contact your local government agencies for assistance.
There are no jobs as such in the online world, people make money with websites and blogs.
It takes some learning though.
There is some info and vids here:
http://bestinternetfind.solutionsarticles.com/free-work-from-home-help.html
it won't cost a penny.
You might need to spend a few years learning about publishing and advertising and online marketing and then some money will come to you.
You might want to start by creating a website or a blog, then adding content to it, that's the basis for a platform from where you can then sell ad space.... this is easily done, but you need a site and traffic going to it just concentrate on that and don't expect to make any money at first.
Hi Join this site, is 100% free for everyone and i will pay you $10 with paypal instantly for signing up
but you will have to complete the offer in 3 hours. Or I will issue a charge back, also i will teach you step by step to succeed is this program, i'm trying to help people who needed, not for scamer. If you follow my step you will be making around $4000 a month or more. You will receive an personal instruction from me in your email after you signed up.....by the way is for (US,UK, Canada only) you won't be able to complete offer or get pay if you do not live in these 3 contries.
You must be at least 18 and have a paypal acount to get pay

Join Now: http://cash.zeropricetags.com/?REF=81314
