Can non-nude webcam girls make money?
I'm sure it would be less money than the nude models that do things to do themselves but can non-nude models actually make decent money. Non-nude meaning maybe wearing lingerie and flashing boobs here and there. Any recommendations from non-nude models would also be greatly appreciated.

Recently have been laid off from a company I worked for for over 6 years and can't find a job anywhere where I live. My unemployment check is not enough to support my family at all. I went from $800/wk to $244/wk (unemployment) plus I have to pay for my health insurance. I really have to make money but don't want to compromise my morals. A mom has to do what she has to do. =(
For people who like to judge: I have applied for all of the jobs in my local newspaper and every online job search engine available. If it's a choice between having my electricity shut off, being homeless, etc. then I will do what I have to do. All moms would probably do the same!

Omg,just becus you don't have a job doesn't mean you have to show everyone your body!Read the newspapers and look for jobs.I'm sure there's still at least 1 job which is employing.
Yes but I would try other jobs first.
oh boy... thats a tough one to answer. i'd think you haft to get a bit dirtier than a boob flash to make some money off of these guys because regular porn has got you beat. you can always start your own pay site and yeah, have some pretty intimate live chats. sell some sexy photo bundles and so on without showing the goods below your waist but thats a big investment as it is.
YES. You can. I spend quite a bit of money on cam girls. I have an extreme fetish for high heels, feet and pantyhose. Most of the girls who have accommodated me also do nude cam but tend to charge me more than they would if it was nude cam because they consider it "fetish cam". Most of these girls also have wishlist at amazon or VS or somewhere and have guys go buy them thing or take them shopping on-line. For more info on what i know about this or if you might be interested in an arrangement like this please let me know by email or YIM at foot_dan.
There are sites with non nude models, but I've yet to personally come across any non nude cam models who earned enough for it to be worth their while. 90% of webcam viewers are expecting to see a full nude masturbation/toy show. I do work with a site that has a non nude section. I'll email you a link, but don't set your expectations too high.
