I'm going nuts! where do I look for this pin?
I've been looking everywhere for this pin. My husband bought a pin about 2 years ago at an army surplus store. about a week later, someone stole it off his jacket. It was a pin was shaped like a card, and had the ace of spades on it and was about an inch high. In the middle was the grim reaper. I don't remember what he said it was for but I know it came from his unit in the national guard. Well, the store we went to doesn't have them any more and the website doesn't have it either. I've looked on e-bay and have done searches through yahoo for something like it. 

I've found patches that look like it, and I am thinking about getting them but I really want to get the pin for him. He loved it and our anniversary is coming up in may. I need to find this pin and I really can't seem to find it anywhere. Can anyone find something like this and send me a link? I'm gonna keep looking but if anyone could help me and find this pin I would be so happy. Also, if you can find a zippo lighter anywhere online with the same look, that would work just as well! Thank you!
http://www.popartuk.com/general/gothic/ace-of-spades-pp31348-poster.asp

Try posting this question in the military section... got it... I wasn't sure where to post so I just put it in the internet section because I was doing a lot of searches. I'll put it in the other section. Thanks :)

Sorry, I'm not sure.  But maybe if you post a link to a picture of the patch so people can see what they look like maybe someone will recognize it and know where to find one?  Also maybe try asking this question in the military section... 
Good luck I hope you find it.
Was it anything like this:  http://cgi.ebay.com/VIETNAM-DEATH-CARD-ACE-OF-SPADES-MILITARY-PIN_W0QQitemZ370341893487QQcmdZViewItemQQptZLH_DefaultDomain_0?hash=item563a18d56f

It would be helpful if you would post what unit of the National Guard he was with and what their mascot was.  I know a lot of units have pins and lighters, etc, made of their mascots or their unit insignia.  (My dad was a collector of this stuff before he died.)
try http://www.nike2nike.com/Brand-Jackets-c-1610.html, I feel the quality is good and the price is cheap maybe FREE Shipping., The most important thing is that it is safe.
