What websites could I trust to get a new computer at no price?
My parents say that a lot of websites that inform me to buy a computer for free are a bunch of scams, and could infect the computer I currently use. Isn't there any websites I can trust so that I can get a new computer for free, and won't infect the computer I currently use?

Your parents are right. ALL of those site are just scams that get YOU to make money for them.

In Example:Rewards1, prizerebel, swagbucks, etc.

Then there are the ones that do nothing and just waste your time. In Example: Lockerz.

Then there are ones that are just obvious spam aka the ones in google ads or the ones in ads.
You believe you can get a pc  FREE ?I don't think so .I only heard that some hpones are FREE .We can only get some coupons or discounts on pc .This site often offers good desls that really attract many people there .You want it ,http://www.dealstudio.com/searchdeals.php?q=laptop&type=deal&ru=279 .It will do help manage our money well .
If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.

There is no such thing as a free lunch.

A bargain basement new laptop is at least $350, maybe $300 for a netbook, and those are so slow they barely work.  You need to spend at least $400-450 to get a functioning computer.  Why would a website give them away for free?  How could they?  True, you can earn points with surveys, etc., but for you to be able to 'earn' a free laptop, you'd have to do quite a bit of work.  Or give them enough information to scam you out of $450.

Listen to your parents.  You also might be able to get something less expensive from ebay, craisglist, or a computer store that rebuilds older computers.
the only ligit offers are those that tell you to complete their sponsors offers and you will get a laptop or xbox whatever . this does work . however you must complete so many offers which cost you money . nothing like that is free. you pay the sponsors and they pay advertising dollars to the site you went to and that pays for the product.
Your parents are right. You need to go out and purchase one. A cheap desktop computer is less than $350 from DELL.COM
There are no "free" computers from the internet. If there was, we would all have new, free computers...millions of us....
http://buycomputers-online.blogspot.com/

You can visit the above site

My entire neighbourhood buys from this site

Very good and genuine
