Lockerz points generator/hack question?
I just joined lockerz because my friend won $5000 worth of electronics, but the day I joined, all of the prize costs went up really high. I found out about the "lockerz point generators," and was going to try it, but haven't found the time to yet.

I was just wondering if anyone has tried any of them and whether they work or not. I dont care if i get banned, all I want is a quick 1 time (1 day) point boost, cash my prizes and run.

If anyone has found another successful way of "boosting lockerz points," then that would also be greatly appreciated.

Also, I know that this is frowned upon, so please don't leave bad remarks in the answers. All I want is what everyone else wants, lost of points fast.

Thanks for all of your answers!

lockerz is old news check out partycoolertour.com heard they are going to be on a college tour this fall for tailgate and everything. They give away tshirts and coolers and stuff all the time.
Lockerz is a waste of time.

try a site that actually gives you chance to earn free stuff. and is just as easy to earn points.
No redemptions and orders through amazon!
Try points2shop:
http://www.points2shop.com/?ref=uin1241837802
get a BONUS $2.50 FREE for using referral link!
i tip of advice do not do the ones where people on youtube make videos of giving you a hack invite giving them a unused e-mail address

none of them work,, and i tired over 10 already..and none of the lockers pntz Generator hacks worked for me
i have a lockerz hack by which you could redeem any prize;(including macbook,ps3 etc) at any time b4 the actual redemption.Send me an unused email govindwebb@gmail.com or http://invite.lockerz.ro?id=govind . this hacked invitation will give you 5323 ptz as well as z list status( so u have to wait only for 7 days to receive your t shirt) and will get double ptz for everything you do.when you signup using my hacked invitation and login, you'll have the ptz and z list status mentioned above and will get a confirmation within 2 days.no chance of getting caught
