WEBCAM GIRLS JOB?!How much do they earn monthly?Did u work for some website?WORK ANONYMOUSLY POSSIBLE?!!?
IS IT POSSIBLE TO WORK ON SOME WEBSITE AND EARN WITHOUT SENDING THEM THE PHOTO OF YOUR FACE AND YOUR DOCUMENTS? I mean, in order to avoid them eventually blackmailing you with giving away your info and letting people know about what you're working in...
Experiences needed,advices, answers!

How much money a cam girl earns depends on certain factors such as the amount of time they work in addition to the specific site they are working on. Since some sites are larger and have more members ,more traffic more visitors etc.Even though there are other factors it makes sense and is generally true that the more a site has of the 3 above things the better and the higher the chances for the model to earn more money.

To answer  the second part of your question most cam sites will require you sending them photos of your face and as it pertains to sending your documents. Most sites will require your documents for the simple fact to prove for their records that you are at least old enough to legally be a cam model.

I don't know if you heard of a situation where someone was blackmailed in the way you are describing but I have never once heard of it happening and I don't think it is a huge problem to worry about.

In addition to that if you are worried about protecting your identity. Try working for a cam network that allows you to protect your identity in any other way possible.Live Jasmin is a very good site to work with especially for beginners and they do allow you to partially protect your identity by blocking visitors and site members in any geographic locations you choose. from seeing your webcam.It is also free to join and become a performer no start-up costs or fees of any kind.

http://registration.livejasmin.com/index.php?refererid=kaswa6

Another great network to work with is the Internet Modeling Agency.

http://www.internetmodeling.com/1278

They have thousands of websites which allow them to have,huge earning potential for models,millions of members and millions of visitors daily.This site would be a good choice if you want to make the most possible but it does not provide that option to protect you identity like Live Jasmin does. So the choice is yours.I would recommend you trying them both and see which you prefer or which site works better for you. There is no costs associated with this agency either.

There is a lot more useful info I could give you but that would be too much more typing.I hope what I provide above was helpful. If you need more info and tips visit the site below.

Take Care
There are some sites that will allow you to work without showing your face, but not many. You probably won't make very much if you aren't willing to show your face though. You could have the greatest body in the world and put on the best show, but webcam customers want to see the face that goes with that body.

A webcam site will not blackmail you. That would just be stupid. They'd make far more money from your shows than they'd ever make blackmailing you. If you decide to quit they'd care less, there is always someone willing to take your place, especially now with so many people turning to webcam modeling to get through their current financial hardship.

How much cam models earn depends on a lot of things. Probably the most important is how much traffic the site gets. It also depends on the model and her personality and how well she does her job. Both of the sites Jason mentioned are good. The internet modeling site has huge traffic and also provides personal support and training to help you get better and earn more.
