Trojan Virus "Trojan-BNK.Win32.Keylogger.ge¡­?
A lot of events happened to me, and my computer today. So, I'll it in chronological order.
I was looking for hacking programs I could use. I know that atlava.com is a trustable site with no viruses, because my other friends and even members in there have no problem.But when I downloaded one trainer (hack pack) for my mmo I noticed there were warnings when I tried opening firefox browser. So, I looked in yahoo answers for programs to delete the virus without having to install "Windows 7 Smart Security 2010" in it's full version. I downloaded Malware bytes anti malware which a lot of people reccomend from sites such as yahoo answers,youtube,ask.com, and other more sites. So I downloaded it, I stopped when the viruses they detected reached around the 40's because it took 10 min. So i deleted them, and it told me to restart, and so i did. When it turned on it was blank. I tried using hotkeys to guide me somewhere till a miracle happened and I came back on again. SO.... now I am scanning the malware again in it's full range scan, right now it detected nothing, but the win 7 smart security 2010 program still detects this virus WTF? it's fricken annoying, because it would ask me if i want to activate the program win 7 smart security 2010 every 1 min. Also, if I press to continue to keep using windows with the virus on, an automatic windows explorer pops up loading with a page, and I just keep closing it right away. It's really annoying. so many programs pop up. Malware says theres nothing to worry about while the win 7 smart is like a pop up ad opening every 1 min. You may not know this but it took me a long time to type this because i had to close the waning securities every 3 sentences I write. someone try helping mehz :P thanks.

maybe dont be a dumbass and hack. people like you should be thrown in jail. f***king idiot.
hacks and cracks are the pages with the most amount of viruses lol you may want to find something else to do with your time, leave that stuff to someone else lol
antivirus tips and antivirus download:
http://merakit-komputer.com
http://merakit-komputer.com
