Any working proxy websites that ain't blocked?
Im currently at school and so far all of the proxy sites i know are blocked. 
I want a proxy that ain't blocked and working.

https://www.beatfiltering.com/ type it in exactly how it is won't work searching on google
i will show you a two of a best proxy site lists in the web
yes, I mean that : These The Best for me and for all my friends

Don't forget to vote me if these sites working well for you

1- (( SurfXmatic.info )) it listed on google if you want to search for it
2- (( TheBestWorld.info )) you must be type the url directly into your browser

good surfing
where is my vote ?

Cheers
use 1 of the below

awesomehide.com
liketohide.com
cleanhide.com
schooljoker.com
yahooisfun.com

proxies get blocked very fast..to get Fresh Proxies right to your mail
 join the group
http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/getaproxy/join
you can try these new proxy here:

www.adminsucks.com
www.helpmylink.com
www.search4house.info
www.freemyschool.com
www.gitudoang.com
www.gitudoang.net
www.onlinefreeproxy.cz.cc
www.tvdirectory.co.tv
www.freemyspace.cz.cc
www.october2009.tk
www.greenunblock.tk
Try these:
http://www.surftunnel.com
http://www.unblocklol.com
http://www.hidefree.com
Web filters get more sophisticated every day. They can scan and detect proxies as soon as you try to use them. The most advanced systems can block you within seconds. Others send a report to the admin and the block is done manually.

The name of the proxy, how new it is, whether it¡¯s https or not does not matter. The proxy will be detected and blocked because it¡¯s a proxy.

There is also considerable risk in using free proxies from unknown sources. Many of these free proxies are what are called hacker pots. They are there waiting for you to fall into their trap so they can steal your information and plant bots on your computer. Once a bot is planted the hacker has control of your machine and can steal credit cards, attack web sites and send out tons of spam all from your IP address.

Some of the free proxies/vpn's are run by people out to make money. There is nothing wrong with that in principle. However the best case here is that you will get a proxy loaded with advertisements with no real speed to it. The amount of money the owner can make with advertising clicks is really only pennies. Many of these owners supplement their income by key logging everything you do and selling your personal information to advertising companies. Since you have no way to know what the owner is actually doing you need to assume the worst case is true.

Read some more about free proxy servers below:

http://www.personalvpn.org/danger_proxy_servers.htm
http://4tt.org
tried
