Can I legally download a copyrighted image for my own use?
This is from a website that sells large (A2 size) posters. If I download the image, then print it out as A4 and keep it for my own use at home, is that legal? I'm not going to upload it or sell or distribute it which I know could infringe the law. I'm just not sure how far the copyright law extends.

Thanks for any advice. Please don't say that no-one will know, because I will!
The reason I don't want to buy the poster is that it's too large for the frame and wall space I have, whereas the printed A4 size is just right.
The reason I want to be fair to them is that it's a charity. (Though I have made donations to them in the past.)
The website state that the images "may be subject to copyright".

If they have an image at decent resolution without a watermark then it's tough on them. I really don;t think you should worry since you are doing this for non-commercial purposes.
Your last sentence suggests you have a conscience unlike most of the teens on here who think nothing of illegally downloading music thereby stealing from the artists.
Look for a copyright notice on the site.  If there is none, nothing can happen to you.
A smoker cannot get a ticket for smoking in a restricted area if there is no "No Smoking" sign visible
Every time I see an interesting image I copy it to my hard drive.  I have been doing this 1987, and I have never been sued once.
Most images the are copyrighted online can be downloaded for personal use, as long as you aren't distributing it or using it on a website you should be fine.
Try creative commons
Yes...provided you have written authorisation from the Copyright Holder.

Let me put it this way...where I live, buying a CD in the store, then going home, placing it in a ROM drive and ripping the music into MP3 format on a computer that has never been on, and never will be on the internet, for personal listening pleasure (i.e.: making an off-line media computer) or ripping the music onto a personal MP3 player (again, for personal listening pleasure) can technically see me jailed and fined...

Good Luck!
Yes it's legal. Copyright only protects the owner of a work. There is no law for personal use as you state.

"As a general matter, copyright infringement occurs when a copyrighted work is reproduced, and distributed, performed, publicly displayed, or made into a derivative work without the permission of the copyright owner."


"While copyright law makes it technically illegal to reproduce almost any new creative work (other than under fair use) without permission, if the work is unregistered and has no real commercial value, it gets very little protection. The author in this case can sue for an injunction against the publication, actual damages from a violation, and possibly court costs. Actual damages means actual money potentially lost by the author due to publication, plus any money gained by the defendant. But if a work has no commercial value, such as a typical E-mail message or conversational USENET posting, the actual damages will be zero. Only the most vindictive (and rich) author would sue when no damages are possible, and the courts don't look kindly on vindictive plaintiffs, unless the defendants are even more vindictive. "
http://www.templetons.com/brad/copymyths.html
