do you think the days of ' free ' internet are drawing to a close?
Internet privacy at risk

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKgXAH6z0H0

A surveillance program authorized by the Bush administration to allow the National Security Agency to spy on the internet activities of federal employees is now being expanded. The Obama administration is planning to expand the Einstein internet surveillance software.


Google V. China: Should the internet be policed?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VPx-6YfRio&feature=related


''  I don't believe in censorship. But I don't believe in internet companies/advertisers knowing everything about me, either. http://www.theresident.net - Get a new view on the news at http://www.rt.com  ''



those both reports are about internet censorship  and the possible oncoming  of a restricted internet by the government   ,

 including  ;  censoring sites they don't want you to view   ,  filtering out  any  anti government site  or a website  that  isn't politically correct.    -  prosecuting people that criticise the  U.S government  with  indefinate detention  or incarceration.    -  banning all free downloads  ,   prosecuting   '  any '  speech that is deemed hate speech.   -  government watching your online activity   ,  prosecuting,  banning from the internet  and jailing any offenders .

and just  in general, ' policing ' the internet  -   this is my understanding of it through what ive read.


does anyone think this is going to happen or approaching ?

and what will it mean for ordinary citizens  like me  and others  ?

um.. i hope not
Have no doubt about it, the sinister elitists who control much of the world and who are behind many of the great crimes of the age including 9/11, hate the freedom of the net.  Don't fall  for the false right-left paradigm they create either, Sen Rockefeller is one of the biggest campaigners against it.
Compared to the previous days, the pirated downloading has reduced quite considerably. But still I dont think that the people will let this kind of things happen - at least not in the near future. Because the advantage of downloading is being shared by all and there are very few people out there who actually buy original softwares unless they need it for professional reasons.
      The internet is a very very vast and scattered network so I dont think that jailing of the offenders will be possible, and even if they want to do it, the government has to have the right kind of technology and equipment to detect the offenders which may again take a lot of time and money. Also it is not possible to arrest all the offenders which will definitely be many in number. 
       Even if such a ban takes place then it will lead to an incredible increase in the income of the government as well as the companies that develop softwares, music selling companies etc. 
For ordinary citizens it  will lead to less entertainment (of course) and a lot of spending of money. I think that it will create a great chaos within the nation ....
No, in fact the opposite will continue to happen. As network access becomes ubiquitous in our society and companies rely more and more on internet sales and communication I expect we will pay less for network access and ISP fees as the business model evolves. The avalanche has started and can only get bigger - what we can access and do now will only grow.

There will always be the extremists that want to censor or lock these down, especially with countries that have you to realize that economy is more important than government control. You will always get the NSA types that want to monitor what people are doing.

In most of the free world no one would accept an environment where, publicly, anything you say and do is monitored. It would bring an end to the current business boon - even governments themselves are winning in this area so they wouldn't want to impede it too much.

There is always a balance between homeland security vs. economic growth and the latter wins out most times.
