How can i earn money through my blog?
How can i earn money through my blog?
ryt now im using google adsense but i think it wont work for me coz its nt active since a long time. i also tried this site https://paydotcom.com for making money with my blog but i didnt understand what to do in it to make money. please tell me a simple step by wich i can make money with my blog. this is my blog http://freegamesandgames.blogspot.com/..
please help me!!!

visit my site 4 online earnings.
http://darshi.webs.com

earn money from incoming sms. Just click on the link
http://mGinger.com/index.jsp?inviteId=2942834

put some paid to promote site banners in ur blog to earn from them
ya dude there is a solution for u if u wanna earn money from your blog only then then u can prefer to show ad links n articles on your blog....i am not talking about google adsense but its much better than that....here you can estimate your own price that howmuch money you want to take to display a word or a post of the ad on your blog...there are many sites related to it but i prefer the best site for this which is www.payperpost.com
Apart from blogging you can go for many other other easier ways to earn money in genuine ways such as writing reviews,writing articles,writing tips,and many others ways.....you can get many sties related to this if you search in google.....something i love the most is writing tips because its less to write n also easy to write....my most favorite tip writing site is www.daytipper.com which pays you $3 to publish your tip and if your tip is the best 3 tips of the month then u can get $100,$75 and $50 and maximum u have to write is 500 characters (but remember your tip must be original and of good quality then only it will be published on the site) ...........there is another tip writing site which pays more but its not easy like daytipper.com there you have to write more and the categories are also not that friendly....the site is www.lifetips.com....it pays $10 for each post that get published in the site
You should try this to earn using blog / site
Google Adsense.
CJ.com (Commission Junction)
Google Adwords
My friend Google adsense is best read help / tutorial or mail them to get help.
read Google adsense help
