Ebay seller scammed me for 5000$ is there anything i can do?? Details inside!?
here is how it went down. the ebay seller had 100% feedback over 500 items sold. they were selling a camera that i bought for just over 5,000$. they then took the money, cashed it out to their bank account. never sent the item, then (according to paypal) they removed their bank account and debit card from their paypal. closed down their paypal account. i have tried contacting them and nothing. they live all the way across the country. is there anything that can really be done? or am i just out of 5k here?

and question number 2: if paypal/ebay does pay me back for the 5000$ are they going to take legal actions against the seller? or are they just going to bite the bullet and ban him from paypal/ebay for life?

pay pal with give you back your money, contact them first.
Just tell them you never got your item and they should return your our money
Well, first off, you should tell this to eBay, by calling them, and then paypal. But mostly eBay. They will tell you if the item was sent or not, by the tracking number. If the find out, then they will probably return your money to you. -I dont really know wat else they ask you for, but this is wat my friend told me.
You're wasting your time here, get to ebay and to paypal and start a dispute right now!
Paypal can't give you back the money unless there's money in his account to take it from. I was ripped off for $180 on ebay, and paypal was only able to give me back $60 because the guy's account didn't have anything else in it but that. If paypal was able to pay people out of their own funds, then lots of people would use that to scam their system. I'd have a friend set up an account, then claim he ripped me off and have paypal pay for it. They can only give you funds that they get from the seller's account. This whole "protection" image that paypal has given itself is BS and too many people believe that they are really this great protective company that will save you from getting ripped off. 

You need to start a dispute. Then Paypal needs to open an investigation so you need to talk to them. They need to be working with law enforcement and if the guy has assets, you can sue him. 

I would first contact paypal, then contact the Internet Crime Complaint Center (link below), they are run by the FBI and will investigate this guy.
http://www.ic3.gov/default.aspx
