How can you find out who owns an email address?
I believe someone has posted something on craigslist about me and there is an email link on the post. How can I find out who owns the email address? I've already emailed it with no success and I checked emailfinder.com with no results. I would think that there is a way to see who signed up for the account through a revese seach engine or something, but I can't figure it out. Any help is greatly appreciated as the post could be very damaging to myself. Thanks.

The poster chooses whether or not to make themselves anonymous. 
When they do make themselves anonymous, there is no way to find out who wrote that post or who's e-mail it is.

The only thing that you can do is flag the posting.  It will eventually be deleted if enough people flag it.  If you post the link up here, we can report it for you and have it taken down almost immediately.  Or you can just keep flagging it over and over and eventually it will be taken down
try asking them
You can't, without a court order forcing the ISP or email provider to turn over those records. And you can't get a court order because of some frivolous insult. Usually a judge will only issue a court order if you can prove the post is illegal. That is a tough thing to do. 

You don' t even know if they are talking about you, anyway. I don't understand why people are so thin-skinned these days. If you drop it, it will go away on its own, craigslist churns over their posts quite rapidly. 

If you absolutely must take the person to court, expect whatever the post was about to get seen by everyone on the internet:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect
If you are talking about the email link provided by Craigslist, you'll never get access to that info.  Craigslist (like other sites), is bound by privacy laws.

Same goes for most email accounts.  It's very doubtful that the information is accurate.   Anyone can make up an email account, using any fake name, address, etc....and post just about anything - anywhere.  

The only way anyone would be able to get that info, is if the posting was illegal (threats), and law enforcement was involved.  Even then, you wouldn't be given the information.  If it's a serious threat - call the police.

If you are absolutely sure that it's about you - just flag the post.    Not sure how you think it could be damaging unless it clearly shows your name, address, phone number, email, pictures, or other information which positively identifies you.

You do sound paranoid.    Really...people could post about me all day long, and not only would I probably never see it, but I doubt anyone else would either.  And even if it wasn't flagged, it would disappear in 30 days or less.   Unless someone is actually compromising your security, or issuing real threats I doubt it could harm you.




If this is an actual email address like abcdefg@yahoo.com, there are a few ways to search, and see if anything pops up.  

Myspace:
http://searchservice.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=sitesearch.friendfinder

Yahoo People Search:
http://people.yahoo.com/

Also try Google and Yahoo! Search Engines:   search on the email address directly, or use sites found under a search for "email search" or "free people search".




I agree with what John said.   I saw a news article recently about a local man who was suing a reality show that he was on, because the subject matter was embarassing.  As a result, it was all over the news.  Anyone who didn't hear about it - or see it when it was on the show certainly knows about it now.

Sometimes it's better to keep your mouth shut and let it ride.
