I wanna use EBAY but i have a question about it!?
Yo i wanna buy some ear tapers and plugs from ebay(NEW stuff okay?!)
And well i wanna buy it with my cedit card because i dont have time for that pay pal stuff.

So is it legit? 
like i know and heard that it was but im asking You guys now!
Do you use ebay?
ahhh okay cool..i might use it now

and John C PERHAPS you shouldn't have answered this question!

it doesn't take too long to set up a paypal account. it's the safest way to pay... other wise your taking a risk.....not everyone sends the stuff. some people just take your money and if its with paypal and they don't send you your stuff then you can open a dispute and get things settled
yes i use eBay everyday (:
make sure the person your buying it from has 99-100% positive feedback, unless there stuff may not be what you expect.
but ya ebay is very legit, you always get your money back if there's a problem (:
Yes, most places love to take credit cards. Some places will only take paypal (it's really not that difficult to set up). Some places will take both. And some places will only take certified checks or money orders. But always check out who your doing business with before you give them any financial info.
I USE EBAY AND PAYPAL THATS PRETTY EASY AND SECURE, JUST GO TO EBAY AND CLICL ON PAYPAL FILL ALL YOUR INFO AND CREDIT CARD INFO TOO AND YOURE SET, EVERY TIME YOU USE EBAY AND BUY SOMETHING PAYPAL IS GONNA PAY WITH YOUR CARD
Yes it's legit.I've been buying off of eBay for more than three years now and never had any problems. Some sellers will only use Paypal but that's not a problem.Paypal will accept your credit card payment;-0
ebay is the best I have bought everything from sets of car tires to a box of furnace filters from ball joints for my jeep to a grand theft auto pc game that came from Russia.
Ebay has everything you could ever think of and 99 times out of 100 you can get a lot better deal than buying else wheres but you do have to wait to get it but that's never very long.
and pay pal is very easy to use and you can use it other places than just ebay
If you don't have time for PayPal stuff, perhaps you shouldn't use eBay at all!
