problem with an ebay item?
hi guys, so i bought an item from ebay, a dvd, was classed as new. i watched it and and the whole way thru the dvd had problems, evry 4-5 minutes it would do a freeze/pause thing. i contacted seller and they are now saying that he husband works for asda store, and he apparently checked the dvd, making out i am a liar that it is working. For starters, i wasnt aware that an employee at asda could watch the dvd and then sell it as new on ebay? what are my rightS?
p.s they said well return it, howver i have to be out the cost of postage. why? this isnt fair when its their fault, i thought they werwe responsible for the item they are selling

You should open a 'Dispute' on your EBay page and ask for a refund if you are not happy with the goods. EBay will send him a copy and if they are not satisfied with his reply you will get a refund.
you can report it to Ebay. There are multiple ways to contact the sellers and Ebay adm. via your ebay acct. Request a refund. Give negative feedback so that others are aware of what kind of business people they are. Most sellers abhor negative feedback and will do anything to rectify the situation.

Good luck.
If the item was classified as New, then you can get a refund by escalating it to paypal, but email the seller and inform them you want a refund because the item is USED since her husband checked the DVD, new means fresh copy not opened at all. 

By taking it to paypalthey will take your case inhand you can leave notes so the person who is gonna settle your case from paypal knows that the item was used, but with an item like a dvd the odds are a bit odd. On paypal find the transaction and then theres a option to make a claims or dispute or something forgot the exact words and Paypal will ask what was wrong with the item, select item not as described since it was classed as new, then leave a note saying the DVD doesnt work it keeps skipping and the seller said it was checked by her husband thus making it 2nd hand / used then paypal will consider it and within 2 weeks will probaly find favor with you and refund the cost, but you may have to send the DVD back with a tracking number and provide the tracking number to paypal theres a bit where you can enter it, once the seller recieves the item Paypal automatically refunds the money into your account.

Once you recieve your money back leave negative feedback that the seller sell used items to warn others
it is most likely a forgery
lots of them on ebay
report it to ebay as its an illegal sale
Unfortunately paypal/ebay cannot make sellers pay for the return postage although good sellers will.
Once you receive the refund leave a neg feedback stating DVD was not new as per listing, seller didnt refund return post or something similiar.
As Paypal cannot force the seller to refund your return P+p you could suggest to the seller that as it was faulty you should not be out of pocket and your feedback will reflect their handling of the situation (this will then not be feedback extortion- but will tell the seller what needs to be done)
Send it back tracked for your protection. and if they withold original P+p then do a SNAD dispute
