Internet connection keeps cutting out?
For the last 3 or 4 weeks my internet connection has been cutting out a lot and the signal says it is poor pretty much 24/7. My computer is new, I got it just after christmas and the connection has been strong and never used to cut out until about 4 weeks ago. It's starting to get really annoying! Whenever it goes off, I trouble shoot it and it says to turn off or unplug the router and leave for 10 seconds etc, so I do this and when I put it back on it the internet still disconnects the same as before. Sometimes it says something about a DNS problem or something? 

I'm not very good with computers, so I have no idea what is causing the problem or how to fix it. Does anyone have any ideas? I am wondering whether to contact my provider, sky, but I'd rather be able to fix it myself. I am also using Windows 7.

Contact your provider. It sounds as if there is signal strength issues.
A DNS error means that you are unable to view web pages. 

If you have gotten a DNS error, follow these steps :

1. Check to see if you are connected. (if you aren't that's the problem, if you are then follow these steps): 

2. Double click the My Computer icon. 

3. Double click the Dial-up Networking icon. 

4. Use the right mouse button and click Online Gateway icon. Left mouse click properties from the list. 

5. Click the Server Types tab and make sure that TCP/IP is the only allowed network protocol checked. 

6. Click the TCP/IP Settings button. 

7. Make sure that Server assigned IP Address is dotted. 

8. Make sure that Server Assigned Name Server Address is dotted. 

9. Press OK to the next two windows. 

If that doesn't fix the problem, follow these steps. (Please note you may need your Windows CD to make these changes): 

1. Double Click the My Computer icon. 

2. Double Click the Control Panel icon. 

3. Double Click the Network icon. 

4. Click on the TCP/IP protocol then press properties. 

5. Make sure that obtain an IP address is dotted, then click the WINS Configuration tab. Click Disable WINS Resolution. 

6. Click the DNS Configuration tab. Make sure that DNS is enabled. 

7. You will have to enter some information now: 

Host: olg 
Domain: olg.com 
Primary DNS: 205.177.168.14 
(note you must press add after you enter each number) 
Secondary DNS: 205.177.168.189 

8. You will now press OK and then OK to the next window. The computer will then say you need to restart the computer to make these changes, press OK.
