How to get followers on twitter?
It is so darn annoying how my friends can get 1000 of followers but  i cant
Please tell me a way to get a lot of followers . .

Ps . No rude comments please . its annoying .

Why would you want to get more Twitter followers? What purpose does it serve? And what steps should you take to increase your Twitter followers? These are questions often asked by normal users, brands and business owners who not only see Twitter as a means of social interaction but an effective marketing platform.

You¡¯re interested in increasing your Twitter followers. You want more people reading your updates. It¡¯s not difficult to build a prominent profile but I think it¡¯s important to start with the right understanding. This is the first thing you need to know: It¡¯s not really about how you tweet, what you say or who you talk to but who you are.

There have been several articles on the topic of growing your Twitter presence: many of them focus on teaching you how to use Twitter by providing value in order to increase your Twitter following. While good points were made, I want to offer my perspective on this topic.

Take a look at this list of Twitter users with the most followers and you¡¯ll see that almost everyone on it is famous or well known for reasons other than Twitter. For example, you¡¯ll notice that the top 10 users are mainly all people who own popular websites/businesses and brands or have established a reputation through their involvement in different activities.

twitterholic

Run your eyes down the list further and you¡¯ll notice the same thing: these Twitter users built their large audience through their already established popularity. They didn¡¯t start from the ground up: it¡¯s likely that they started with a decent amount of followers and will continue accumulate them passively through the strength of their reputation or personal brand.

Many people have built their following because they are well known away from Twitter, not because they were inherently entertaining or helpful as a Twitter user. In other words, they grew large follower base because they cleverly integrated their brand or what it is they do, with their Twitter profile. They used their websites or platforms to promote their Twitter profile

This doesn¡¯t mean that you can¡¯t develop a strong Twitter following if you are not famous for something online or offline. It can be done but in my opinion, building a Twitter following has little to do with how you use Twitter. I don¡¯t believe that in order to get a sizeable audience, you need obsesses about specific tweeting etiquette.

I¡¯ve never written any articles on how to use Twitter because I don¡¯t think there¡¯s an ¡®optimal¡¯ or best way to use Twitter, nor am I interested in regulating another person¡¯s lifestream. Even if you¡¯re purely using Twitter as a broadcast tool to increase your online influence, how or what you tweet is not really the thing you should be focusing on.

So let¡¯s talk about what I think will help you to get more Twitter followers.
Maximize Visibility: Treat Your Twitter Profile Like Any Other Website

tweet
Image Credit: Tweet via QuickSilver

The first step is to understand that your Twitter profile is like any other website. You should treat it no differently from your own blog or a free opt-in newsletter. This means that if you want to increase your Twitter subscriber base, you just need to do one thing again and again: Drive web traffic to your profile. The more targeted the traffic, the better.

This sounds obvious but many people overlook this fundamental principle and focus instead on less relevant details like Twitter usage times/frequency. I¡¯m sure that causing controversy or learning to tweet a certain way might get some extra exposure to your profile but in my opinion, the benefits are minimal. How, when and what you tweet is not crucial.

When you want to catch as many fish as possible, use a large net and spread it as far as you can. The guideline to remember when building your profile is just one: keep working on sending visitors to your profile. People can only follow you when they know you exist.

With this in mind, you can play around with a myriad number of marketing strategies, just like how you would promote a website. Think in terms of incentives. Why would someone want to follow me on Twitter? How will he or she benefit from it? Assuming that someone doesn¡¯t know who I am, what would motivate him or her to subscribe to my Twitter profile?

Here are just some examples of traffic-driving strategies (there are many more):

   1. Create a tool/application and promote your profile alongside it.
   2. Buy a banner ad to target tech-savvy audiences, link it to your profile.
   3. Use Twitter as a tool for tech/customer support.
   4. Organize a contest through your Twitter profile
   5. Include links to your profile in email/forum signatures.
   6. Evangelize Twitter on your blog/other blogs and include a link to your profile.
   7. Connect your blog and other social media profiles to your Twitter page.
   8. Learn to pitch Twitter influencers with articles relevant to their interest
   9. Explicitly
okay, this is no joke! it works, i swear! i got 4k followers!

put something about how you love justin bieber on your bio
and contact the BELIEBERS and tell them to follow you! they wont notice
that you didnt follow them back cuz all Bieber fans have thousands of followers!

NO JOKE! :) happy tweeting! :)
The key to getting followers in Twitter is by following others.  However, you probably don't want to follow just anybody.  You want to follow people who are interested in the things that you are interested in.  So make a list of 7 keywords or things that you are interested in and then watch this video about how to sign-up for a free Twitter application that will allow you to follow people using your keywords.  Because you both share an interest, there is a high probability that they will follow you back.  

Click (or copy & paste in to your browser) this link to see the video: http://ow.ly/1guTk
A great way to get followers is to join a Twitter train.  You sign up, follow people in the train, and get added to it. Then other people sign up and have to follow you to join the train. Try it here: http://targetfollowers.com

Follow me and I'll follow you back: @targetfollow
