Internet Explorer or Firefox?
If you ask almost anyone, they'll tell you Firefox is better. I've used it for forever, but since Win 7 I've just been using I.E. and don't notice anything really different at all except add-ons. 

Any noticeable differences I should be aware of or that make life easier? Opinions?

Chrome?

Firefox is only better if your using the add-ons as far as I'm concerned, it's also a bit more secure than I.E. last time I checked. Since trying Chrome, however, I've never used anything else and likely never will until someone improves on it's amazing interface. Chrome is finally getting add-on support as well.
I LOVE Chrome! It's so much faster than IE and Firefox combined! I would download Chrome :D
Hi,
 Firefox is EXACTLY the same as Safari, so if you like Safari Firefox is fine. A simple computer user would normally go for I.E, for ease of access and other reasons. Whereas Firefox isn't as simple.
Up-turn with Firefox - Speed and safe to use
Down-turn with Firefox: Files are hard to find when downloaded and better competitors.
If you are more experienced with the Internet, try and use more easier browsers, lots of people think that once you are a bit clued up you should move on to a harder browser, but they're wrong. A harder browser will mess up your knowledge and confuse you. Recommendations:
1. Firefox (More experienced users)
2. I.E (Basic users)
3. Safari (Basic users)

the most recommended browser is:
Chrome.

But with Windows 7 out Chrome may not suite your needs, to my extent you should try Chrome or the natural browser I.E, Internet Explorer is by Microsoft, easy to use, helpful and good speed for everyday use.
And really - the choice is up to you!
Hope this Helps!

Miss. Mango
Google Chrome is better than both
As long as you have decent security software on your computer, it boils down to a matter of personal preference.  Firefox is a little more secure, but if you have decent security software currently updated IE does just as well.
firefox is a much better browser than ie or chrome it is harder to crash or stuff up. 
firefox is much faster if u know how to make it faster i cant remember how to do it but just google it
