Help about making money online?
I have a problem about making money online.. I know I can make money moneyby just blogging paper per post,google adsense,clickbank, adbrite, I know these guys pay very well but my problem is. How can I get started. I have a blog about the Philippines but my content is rubbish wahehehe... 

Also when I do get a nice topic and blog, how can I promote it?

can you still make money without making a blog? I heard youtube is good but I don't have a camera.

HELP ME PLEASE

Unfortunately the answer I have starts of badly.

It's very hard to make money when joining the Affiliate marketplace.  There are already a lot of people doing it and you would be joining the race for cash.  I've been doing it for about 6 years and have only recently given up to pursue a different direction.

In doing this I am looking for people to work for me, and in particular people in the Philippines.

If you are interested please contact me for further information at the website referenced below.
I know of a way to make money using your pc. You don't need a camera. Go to www.pc-help-desk.eu where there is information about it.
I think this will give you clarity regarding making money from a blog:

First a fact: majority of bloggers earn nothing, a small number earn something equivalent to a cup of coffee a day, rest make either modest or big money.

So when you ask "Can someone make a living out of blogging?" then the true answer is, even if very difficult, it's possible. One can earn a living, and one can earn big money too. But why one limit the scenario to blogging, most professions and careers present the same picture, more or less.

Now let I give a preview of the earning potential of a blog: 

If your idea is to earn by showing ads from ad programs like Adsense, Kontera, Adbrite etc. then your earnings will depend on the number of clicks you manage to get on your displayed ads. On an average, if your blog content is good, means if the content shows good context ads, and if you have 300 blog visitors then you will have 2-6 clicks on your ads. Studies show ads on websites have a click ratio of around 2 percent. Thus for every 100 visitors one can expect to get 2 clicks on ads. Or in other words, out of 100 visitors to a blog, only 2 visitors click on an ad. This translates into, 1 or 1.2 dollars a day for a 300 visitor a day blog.

If your idea is to earn revenue by selling products through affiliate links; or sell your own products/services, then again, the earnings will depend on your blog traffic. And the chances of a visitor going for a buy, is again around 2 percent.

So whatever medium of money one chooses; it's the traffic which decides the revenue generated. 

Regarding how to promote a blog, check the source url.

Thanks
Google is your best friend - use this search query http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=totally+free+ways+to+make+money+online+and+work+from+home&aq=f&aqi=&aql=&oq=
Promoting your blog on youtube is a great idea. If you dont have a camera i would suggest making a powerpoint and downloading a program called hypercam. It will record your computer screen so you can just tape the powerpoint presentation. Also another way to make money online is to refer people to sign up for websites here is the program i currently use for that.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYFvFO0iTYs
Hi there,
I work for 2 different comapnies that allow you to work from home. I tried adsense and clickbank in the past but I failed with both and mainly because driving traffic to your site to click ads is very hard. The companies I work for now provide a great way to make money online and not just once but you get the chance to build a monthly residual income! For more info email me pstrachan-07@hotmail.co.uk
Blogs are nice and all, but they require too much time and effort to actually generate income.  Unless you have a steady group of readers and followers, earning income through the programs you mentioned will be quite challenging.  

Have you ever heard about Fast Google Cash Online?  They teach people like you looking to make money online, how to generating thousands of dollars monthly using Google AdSense, and how to do it while spending under $100 a month to advertise for traffic.  

You should look into it.  I've read great reviews about them.  In fact, the website is sponsored by Ortiz & Co. a company that specializes in generating income for websites.  This company is one you can trust.  They even have their actual AdSense report for public view.  They do generate thousands of dollars monthly.  It's amazing!

I'll add the link to the Fast Google Cash Online below so that you can check them out.
You could try network marketing. It allows you to work around your schedule, kids, school, etc.

Find something that peaks your interest. Perhaps make-up, clothing, accessories, shoes, health products, cleaning products, baskets, etc.

Just find something that you can get excited about and then go for it.
I have been scouring the internet and talking to some of my best known business associates, and this is the best I have found.  There is a LOT of money in this system:
http://job--listings.info/MyFreeAffiliateSite
You get a money producing affiliate website, and you keep 100% commission.
The only thing is, you need to learn some SEO. You'll get some training to market it and everything. There is a Pro option that you can choose later on if you wish.
Why not have a website? See:
http://computereweb.com/wfh-training
they train you for free, show you what to do.
