did any1 get anything from lockerz?
i found a website called lockerz and you get ptz by watching videos and then redeem prizes. i just want to know if its real

I've seen people get stuff from lockerz, but I never got anything since the redemption times are very rare. I think it's legit but I'm not 100% sure.
I'll be frank.
It's LEGIT alright. However it's for you to decide whether it's worth it.
They earn money through advertising, in fact quite ALOT.

HOW IT WORKS
First, to earn points, you watch clips (~5min to 1min), daily 2 points, plus answering the daily question for 2 points. Clips are 2 points each.
Prizes include game stations, games, i-pods, laptops, amazon or paypal cash, but there is much more. Games (for PS3, PSP, PC, DS, etc) are 100 points. Ipod shuffles and PSP are 200 ptz (points). Ipod Nano is 425. I can't name all of their prices though.

THE BAD PART
Prizes are limited, NOT EVERYONE GETS A PRIZE, they restock once a month, till then it just says MORE SOON.
If you check daily, they will say ON THAT DAY, there is a restock. However, they don't tell you the SPECIFIC TIME. However, their is an online place that sends SMS the instant it comes, i think. Also, people will likely grab the prizes FAST. You have to be quick, otherwise you're left with scraps. The cheaper items tend to go first, then the expensive ones (like laptops). ALSO I'm told, there is server lag since many people are online. Thats the reason why they don't announce the time beforehand.

Lastly, if you invite 30 friends you obtain Z-list status=4 points instead of 2, and a VIP private redeem earlier than the normal redeem.

Source(s):
I joined recently, did major googling on it, in fact, i also googled if it was a scam. It doesn't rip you off anything, except for your time (unless you get a prize) and your voluntary opinion.(for 2 points).



P.S. If you need an invite, i can get you one, but you probably already have one
It's legit and ppl get prizes from them but I didn't won anything, ever from this site.
