What is the Best Blogging Website ?
---- Word Press

---- EducoPark

---- Blogger

Blogger is much best site compare to other blogger sites..

Regards Ahmed Ali Hashmi
www.blogger.com
Wordpress is more personal, but Blogger has more flexibility for blogging (mobile, email, ext.).
Both Wordpress and Blogger offer good tools to blog. Wordpress is very popular as a stand-alone software also and it has a very simple interface for creating the posts. Blogger comes from Google and enjoys a quicker indexing (as believed by many).

You should look at both and make a choice based on your comfort level.

Tip: It is strongly recommended that you register your own domain, get a cheap hosting package and install Wordpress there for your own blog. You can do much more with a standalone blog in terms of changing look and feel as well as using extra plugins. Both Wordpress and Blogger are known to delete blogs if they feel these violate their TOS and there is very little, if any, scope for appeal.

Arun
zooloo.com
blogger is a really good site for blogging.  Another one that lets you add not only blogs but videos and pics and actually have people notice them then check out NING NETWORK...one site that is really good is 

http://vloggerzoo.ning.com
Blogger.com is the best platform for all bloggers, irrespective of their tech expertise. In addition, another benefit of using blogger is that you get traffic from Google search as well. 

Google's blogger.com is a pretty versatile blogging platform. The url format of your new blog will be xyz.blogspot.com, where xyz represents your name. But if you want to make the url look xyz.com, blogger allows you to do that as well. You can tweak the looks of your blog, from 1 percent to 100 percent and add much functionality to it as well.

For beginner, getting started is quite easy too, just three steps:

Create an account (if you have an existing gmail account, then you can use that too)
Name your blog
Choose a template

For the time being you just create a new blogger blog and get started. All the best for your blogging journey ahead.
