Questions about Second Life?
I want to make an account on Second Life but I am going to need some info first.

- I intend to make a non-premium account free of any charge - is there such an option available? If so, how do you select it? I also read that SL has its own currency system, but I do not know whether it's available for non premium account users. If so, I would like to know how it works.

- And I would also like to know whether the download and the page itself are safe.

P.S. Please describe what non premium account users are privileged to.

Thanks in advance!

This is unusual. When you said second life I assumed it was a spiritual question and not financial! I have no idea about this? What is the website where one can check it out? Earl
This answer is in regards to Second Life not Teen Second Life (which I know nothing about).

The basic account you create stays basic unless you decide to select the premium option.  You do not need to share any credit card or paypal information for a basic account unless you opt to. 

With any basic account you do have two options:  No payment information on file (NPIOF) and Payment information on File (PIOF).  PIOF allows a person (basic or premium) to purchase Linden currency.  In many ways, having PIOF gives an account more credibility.  

Content theft and griefing in SL are ongoing problems.  Some land owners and content sellers will not allow entry into their regions or stores (or will treat suspiciously) other residents that have no "real tie" to Second Life.  They consider NPIOF accounts as throw-away accounts only created to cause mischief.

Having PIOF doesn't require a person to upgrade to premium.  But, as I said, it allows a person to buy Linden currency at the current exchange rate.  And, having PIOF allows a person to be able to exchange Linden for USD and then transfer that money OUT of SL into their bank account via PayPal.  

 The following is from the SL Support website:  "You must be in full compliance with our Terms of Service to receive any payment through the credit payment process. This includes, without limitation, the requirement to have accurate and complete registration information, including verifiable billing information."

Hopefully that covers the first question you had without making it too confusing!  But, it is confusing at first.  SL does have a rather steep learning curve in some regards.

The standard Linden Lab viewers are safe for downloading.  Just ensure that you are downloading from the official site for now.  In the future, Linden Labs will have affiliated sites which will probably provide a direct link to the official site where people can DL the client but I don't think that program is up and running as of yet.  The Second Life/Linden Labs website is safe also.

Now onto the last question...

Easier to tell you what premium accounts are privileged to since it isn't really much more...

Premium accounts receive a $300L weekly stipend.
  
Premium accounts are entitled to purchase mainland parcels/regions directly from Linden Lab or other residents.  Mainland parcels have no covenant which means build or do what you wish as long as you don't break the Terms of Service (TOS) which includes descriptions that entail what can be done on PG, Mature and Adult parcels. 
 
Premium accounts have the tier (monthly payment for land) waived for the first 512 m2 of mainland they purchase *OR* they can opt to live in a Linden home (kind of cute!) for free. 

Premium accounts can access Live Chat support.

Premium accounts can receive a $1000L bonus if the account is created under certain terms.  (Which I'm afraid that I'm not current on.  Sorry!)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don't fuss about what a person may or may not enjoy with one type of account over the other.  I know what I enjoy in SL and having a premium account benefits *ME*.

I enjoy meeting people, making friends and creating content.  Everyone in SL can do that regardless of account type.
