Why is internet explorer multiplying?
Okay so for some reason Internet Explorer ( which i dont use very much ] is like. . . More and more windows are popping up and they wont stop. I usually dont use this but i needed to use it just this one time. Now if i exit out the windows, More just pop up. I am running a full scan on my computer now to see if its a virus of some sort. But any help?

if its advertisments then theyd be pop ups and you need a  pop up blocker but if tis someting else im not sure
I used to experience this problem while running AIM. Sometimes when I opened AIM, I think the advertisements glitched. Anyways, I think it was primarily a glitch in Internet Explorer 6, which *might* have been fixed in IE7 or IE8. If all else fails, try Firefox. I wouldn't necessarily jump to the conclusion that it's a virus.
last time that happened to me, it was a virus. everytime it happens, actually, it's a virus.
that used to happen to me.. I think it might have been a virus though.. but I might be wrong.. it was a very long time ago and now I just use safari, chrome and firefox
Sounds like a rootkit virus it can hijack your browser but without any windows open it can send you to advertising sites etc.These things can disable normal antiviruses and anti malware. Download "rootkit revealer" from Microsoft or Sysinternals and run it, Go to Task manager and under processes see if there is an oddnamed process sometimes just random letters and or numbers and end process. Then go to Start>run and type in msconfig and click OK, Look under the "startup" tab and uncheck the same process name if it appears there. The registry will need to be cleaned up but normal programs should be able to do that when you have disabled the rogue program.

These things can disable recognised anti-malware programs and system tools like task manager, so you may have to download process explorer or killprocess to stop the process, you need also to rename the malware bytes .exe file to, say for example, xxxx.exe or just copy it to the same folder when it will produce a copy called "copy of..." and run that. Instructions on the malwarebytes.org site
