Is it illegal for minors to look at porn or is it illegals for adults to get porn for minors (don't judge me)?
I heard that it's legal for someone underage to look at it, (not reccomended) and when i say minors i mean like 14-17 year olds.

Yes, and yes.

Misdemeanor for the former, felony for the latter, I believe.
Depending on where you live it could be illegal for adults and minors to look at it and it may not. I live in the U.S. and it isn't illegal for people to look at it. I don't personally care, really, be cause I don't look at it...seriously. I'm addicted to SasuNaru doujinshis. Aha. Shame on me, yeah but I still don't look at it as porn.
It's illegal on both parts... good job on posting it to Y/A, though.. now they can work with authorities to trace your IP address and charge you with the crime of contributing pornographic materials to a minor.

moron.
Please Realize that Porn Destroys, See How it has destroyed the Lives of those who were involved in the Industry as seen in this Video

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wy31Cip2cK8&feature=related

By far, the most searched for terms on the internet are related to pornography. Pornography is rampant in the world today. Perhaps more than anything else, Satan has succeeded in twisting and perverting sex. He has taken what is good and right (loving sex between a husband and wife) and replaced it with lust, pornography, adultery, rape, and homosexuality. Pornography can be the first step on a very slippery slope of ever-increasing wickedness and immorality (Romans 6:19). The addictive nature of pornography is well documented. Just as a drug user must consume greater and more powerful quantities of drugs to achieve the same ¡°high,¡± pornography drags a person deeper and deeper into hard-core sexual addictions and ungodly desires. 

The three main categories of sin are the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life (1 John 2:16). Pornography definitely causes us to lust after flesh, and it is undeniably a lust of the eyes. Pornography definitely does not qualify as one of the things we are to think about, according to Philippians 4:8. Pornography is addictive (1 Corinthians 6:12; 2 Peter 2:19), and destructive (Proverbs 6:25-28; Ezekiel 20:30; Ephesians 4:19). Lusting after other people in our minds, which is the essence of pornography, is offensive to God (Matthew 5:28). When habitual devotion to pornography characterizes a person¡¯s life, it demonstrates the person is not saved (1 Corinthians 6:9).

For those involved in pornography, God can and will give the victory. Are you involved with pornography and desire freedom from it? Here are some steps to victory: 1) Confess your sin to God (1 John 1:9). 2) Ask God to cleanse, renew, and transform your mind (Romans 12:2). 3) Ask God to fill your mind with Philippians 4:8. 4) Learn to possess your body in holiness (1 Thessalonians 4:3-4). 5) Understand the proper meaning of sex and rely on your spouse alone to meet that need (1 Corinthians 7:1-5). 6) Realize that if you walk in the Spirit, you will not fulfill the lusts of the flesh (Galatians 5:16). 7) Take practical steps to reduce your exposure to graphic images. Install pornography blockers on your computer, limit television and video usage, and find another Christian who will pray for you and help keep you accountable.
