Hi. I live in Tanzania, and would like to know if you think there is...?
potential for broadband/ADSL in the country, living here I have noticed there are allot of companys but there all so expensive.

Hi,
Yes I think there is great potential in every developing country for broadband. Looking at the example of India where I live and I have seen this happening. The key is to have a player who offers attractive schemes for competitive rates and soon all companies will be forced to follow. In the long run everyone gets good business as a result of increased usage and those who don't follow get out of business. 

Hope this information helps

Thanks,
Manoj
Article from: Association for Progressive Communications (www.apc.org)

The initial thinking behind adopting regulations for broadband services was to give prospective ICT investors the chance to invest in a wide range of technologies that can be used to improve access to businesses and homes. But although the TCRA is far ahead in implementing the broadband policy through, for instance, creating a converged licensing framework (CLF), take-up by businesses is sluggish.

There are many reasons for this slow uptake. It has been partly blamed on the lack of a fibre-optic undersea cable system connecting the country with the rest of the world. Satellite-based broadband services are not commercially viable, especially in offering broadband connectivity and ICT services in rural Tanzania. Only some terrestrial fibre-optic cables with excess capacity are owned by the country¡¯s power utility Tanzania Electric Supply Company (Tanesco), and a few isolated water utilities.

This technological gap is about to join the history books as SEACOM, the first fibre-optic cable to provide broadband to countries in East Africa becomes operational. When fully functional, SEACOM will provide high-capacity bandwidth along the east coast of Africa through South Africa, Mozambique, Madagascar, Tanzania, Kenya and Djibouti, and onwards to the rest of the world via landing points in France and India.

Testing in now underway at a landing station on the coast of Dar es Salaam. More broadband synergies are also expected after the completion of the Eastern Africa Submarine Cable System (EASSy) next year. EASSy would be cheaper than satellite, and promises a radical ramp up of broadband capacity.

Currently, the use of satellite for data transfer costs about USD300 per megabyte per second, while the use of fibre-optic cable will reduce costs to USD100.


BUT....

I think most countries have potential for broadband, as long as they are fortunate enough to afford it then every country has potential.
