Has anyone tried the new firefox 3.6 yet?
I have firefox and it keeps asking if I want to download the new version. Should I? Will it look the same?

Yes, looks the same and has far more features, it's great :)
I've used 3.6 for a long time and don't remember noticing any major changes. The interface looks the same as it always did with my custom theme.
I use it to test my work, works fine, but Chrome is my favorite for the last year.
It has all the previous features plus a few new ones allowing for even more customization. In addition to that, a few slight changes to the design characteristics make it look a lot more sleek.
The looks are the same but most importantly each new version of Firefox fixes security vulnerabilities that previous versions have. It's not all just bells and whistles, it also improves stability and performance.

When you are given a notice that a new version of Firefox is released, it's always best to download the latest version.
Yes, nothing has changed in the looks department.  It's only supposed to be faster (which I haven't really noticed yet) with more behind-the-scenes going on rather than stuff we use.  There is a new thing called Personas where you can pick a theme for the browser, but I've read of a couple people having small issues with that.  Still works and looks like Firefox though.

Since it has been out for more than a month, most of the bugs have been acknowledged (if there were any) and it's ok to use.  I personally don't rush, and don't recommend,  to download ANY updates or new versions of anything until they've been out for about a month.
give up on firefox it has too many problems in the latest editions try orca, k-meleon or flock all mozilla browsers like firefox but faster and without the problems, firefox help and mozillazine both deny there are any problems but there are hundreds of reported problems with firefox all over the internet. check your task manager firefox sometimes opens multiple times and freezes the computer without opening any windows something mozillazine "experts" say is impossible
