How does craigslist work?
I'm thinking about putting my laptop for sale on craigslist because I think I can get more money there than ebay but craigslist just seems so sketchy. How exactly does it work? Is there an aunction? Do people email me bids and I accept whatever bid I want, can I just decide not to sell it once I'v listed it?

Also, a lot of the items I'v checked out say "Cash only, won't ship". That means I have to give them my address so they can come to my house and pick it up? why do a lot of people want cash only? I use paypal all the time on ebay, is paypal not safe for craigslist?

no. basically craigslist is an 'ad site'. u put ur ad on their and people respond. they can either e-mail u (they have an option for u 2 put ur e-mail private or not) or u can just leave ur phone # down in the ad. its kinda risky since ur revealing ur home address since ur selling it to the buyers if ur intending to sell it at ur house.
Good answer above to clarify a little bit more as how to go about making your post better and safer. Take a photo of your laptop maybe a few that you will upload to craigslist also give a brief description of the specs of the laptop as well as the software that is included.

What I do next helps protect who I am DO NOT POST your phone number also use another email with a name like yours or a made up one when you set the deal through emails you could explain why you did this. 

Why others post "Will Not Ship" is the email from people Phishing and even down right fraud from other countries and the US is unbelievable.

When you go to sell it you meet in public that's where I have meet all my sales along the way and I have not been ripped yet and I have not ripped anyone else either. 

The name change was taught to me by a High School student when I was teaching at a local school. He suggested that when I selling or buying the name that is on the email is mine so they could find out where I live or who I am. Craigslist is safe for many reasons you get to email the person back and forth learning if they are legit or not and the biggest is I get to see the item I buying or if I am selling I get to see the defects.

I could list all that I bought let's just say almost half the items I bought are from there the other half from Amazon I love their return policy.

NOTE:
"Cash only, won't ship" when your selling an item most of the time your selling it locally yet some try to get you to ship them to you with "I will buy your item at the price you ask and I am sending a courier over to pick it up and they will give you a Cashiers Check for the item please.

The check is as good as the ink and the paper as well I have known people who have bought an item and had it delivered as they where from a small town.
