What would you show someone who's never used the internet?
I've been asked to show a mixed group of over 65 year old's how to use computers and especially the internet, none of the group have used computers before. 

I've a plan for teaching the computer basics but would welcome suggestions for websites to show these internet virgins?
Sewrob: Thanks but it's been many dacades since I was a spotty faces kid and I have no intention of talking down to them.

One of those websites that allows you to view everyone's webcams would be a delight for them.  Google Maps street view is cool also.
chatroulette
Obviously you'd show them what the internet was invented for - online gambling and porn!  OK, in all seriousness here are a few that would help.  I've drawn these from sites that the media mentions a lot and not actually any personal preference.

Google - teaches them how to search.
YouTube - inflict a world of pain on them by showing them the latest 10 year-old singing a really out of key version of Barbie Girl.
YahooMail, Hotmail or GMail - which means you can then teach them how to send an e-mail.
Wikipedia - free, open encyclopedia.
Ebay - buy and sell your antique heirlooms.
MSN Live Messenger or Yahoo Messenger - OK, not a webpage as such, but a nice intro into the world of instant messaging.  You could also show them the ability to work with each other (MSN contacts on Yahoo and vice versa).
BBC, CNN or Reuters - news for the masses.
30 Second Bunnies - Remakes of films in 30 seconds with cartoon bunnies.  Good for some comedy relief at the end (DO NOT underestimate this factor).

They're pretty much the basics covered.  I've put the links in my sources.

As an aside, I'd also show them the different browsers on offer as well.  This allows them to have a choice as one person who can't get on with Internet Explorer may find they like FireFox or Opera better.

(Unfortunately I can only put 10 links in, but if you Google the news sites, you'll find them :) ).
Good Luck! That will be fun.
Very commendable but as I don't know how old you are, just a couple of tips. 

Older people are quicker on the uptake than you give them credit for and not as daft as you think either just because they were not brought up with computers.

I never sat down in front of a computer till I was 55! The worse thing you can do is talk down to them.

As a hypothetical scenario there is nothing worse than a 16 year old spotty face little oik patronising a 65 year old and treating them like a 5 year old. They do not need potty training!

Having said that a friend of mine did start into computing till she was 82 and enjoys every moment of it!

However you will find most of them are just interested in learning to email to family and or using video links. Just point out to them that there is a whole new world out there and just explain the dangers of it. Most of them are quite capable of exploring it themselves.
Porno, I know its crude, but let them have a little fun before the big ... you know.
