Mobile broadband dongle or home internet?
Hi guys,
I was wondering: I'm moving out soon to live on my own. In my new flat, I don't want/ need a phone line but I use the internet several hours a day for my job and was wondering what would be my best option. Should I get one of those mobile broadband dongles or should I just get a phone line and home broadband/ wireless (bearing in mind I will never use the phone and have limited funds)? I would get a dongle as I'm the only one who'd need to use it but does that mean my usage is limited or it will be slower?
Any advice will be much appreciated!
xxx

Mobile broadband is much slower and often has a very small monthly cap of only 5gb of bandwidth - and is also much more expensive.  Get a DSL or cable connection, it's both less expensive and offers much, much better performance.
If you are living in an apartment, I would suggest asking your landlord to see if are ALLOWED to add an internet line to your apartment.
The dongle is an expensive way to get the internet  especially if you are medium to heavy user....Also the speeds you get from mobile broadband aren't really that good..Home broadband will probably cost you in the region of ?30 per month , that's including your line rental , so you should see how many GB you get for that with mobile broadband ...
Your use of the word "flat" suggests you might be in England.
You get free unlimited 2MB broadband with a Sky TV subscription
All dongles are limited - very limited.  I don't do anything crazy on the web but I needed to use it as my sole Internet for a couple of weeks and my allowance (15GB) ran out in eight days.
You could also try Talk Talk (from Carphone Warehouse).  Heavily promoted on TV but never used it myself
If you are going to live in a cabled road then get Virgin. You don't need a phone line for that.

10 Mb/s. Unlimited use. ?15 for the first 3 months then ?20 per month.

http://allyours.virginmedia.com/websales/product.do?id=3264

If not then your only option is mobile broadband.

Theses are the contract ones.

http://www.top10-broadband.co.uk/mobile_broadband/

And these are your Pay as You Go ones

http://www.broadband.co.uk/mobile-broadband/pay-as-you-go/
