Why is Facebook more popular than Myspace?
It seems that more people are deleting their myspace and opting for facebook. I'm not really one for social networking sites, but is this just a fad or is there actually reasons why?
Myspace is just as private as facebook- you can choose privacy settings on both sites.
Both have options to find school and college friends, and music networking.
Both have applications and games.
But myspace has the added benefit of being able to customize the appearance of your profile and add music to your profile play list.
I've noticed that the 'older generations' seem to prefer facebook.
Hmm, I think it depends on the user than. I find myspace easier to use, facebook to me is like a maze :P There is an IM on myspace as well. But then Vignesh is right, you do have a relationship bar, which could be a "benefit" to some.
Thanks everyone. I think the major thing would be the simplicity. Some people don't want an ostentatious profile.

I don't like either tbh.

On facebook you can't hide your friends, on myspace you can, which makes myspace more private.

But myspace is okay for a profile page, but with facebook you can play games, there's an instant messaging chat box, all friends updates and status' showing as soon as you log in.
Also, there's quizzes and everything so it's kinda more entertaining.

But yeah just what i think.
well actually facebook has more application than myspace  and it provides relationship bar and etc
Facebooks alot simpler.
Because Facebook is THE thing just now. And anyway, in my opinion, Facebook is awkward as hell.

(Maybe it's because of the genius that is Farmville?)

I don't really know. I hate Facebook and I'd go for Myspace anyday.
Personal : I like Facebook WAY more for few reasons..
*It's less laggy
*All my friends use it, I won't find a single person I know on Myspace (I live in Israel)
*It's a lot more simple, there's no need to have "a cool profile" like on Myspace

A short article explaining why Facebook is better than its main competitors, Myspace and Twitter.

* As far as telling about yourself, Facebook makes it so that you have some very basic information showing directly on your Profile for easy access for your friends. If they want to know more about you, they just click the ¡°Info¡± tab and they can access more info.

* Application wise, Facebook allows you to use a vast majority of apps at no cost. You have calenders, quizzes to tell you about your personality, games, puzzles, etc. at your fingertips.

* Facebook gives you a unique and innovative display of your friend¡¯s status updates, links, pictures and video posts, and much more. Myspace however, has separate spaces for each member which can make things confusing. Twitter has nothing but ¡°Tweets¡± to display, so it is relatively boring. In short, the interface is much much better than its competitors.

* Facebook is more popular, you are more likely to find friends on there. It is also easier to add friends and find friends than on Myspace and Twitter. It gives you basic information about people that come up in your search, but not to the point that it is dangerously getting into people¡¯s privacy.

* The Instant Messaging feature in Facebook is better than the one in Myspace because it allows you to see when your contact is writing, it crashes far less often, and has a cleaner and more streamlined interface. Twitter on the other hand, does not have a Instant Messaging feature AT ALL!

Hope this helped :)
On Myspace you can change your layout, while on Facebook you can't. You can't hide your friends on both(closing modules doesn't work cause your friends can still be easily viewed). On Facebook there are more Apps, Myspace has fewer. Facebook's server is faster, Myspace is slower. Facebook is easier to use, Myspace is harder(Though you can master them easily).
I like facebook because its much easier to use and there's an instant chat box but the best thing about it is its games because its so addicting like Farmville and Mafia Wars etc.. and you can play it with your friends
