Lockers SHUT DOWN FOR GOOD?
After doing countless research i found out that Lockerz is actually a scam and i got 592 PTZ for nothing I want to report this internet site for fraud for not giving away no real prizes and have it SHUT DOWN does anyone know where i can report that fake crap you call Lockerz(WTF Is with that name anyway?) Can I contact the FBI,The government,God? Just to get this site off the internet(I don't want to resort to hacking)
Oh forgot to add lockerz pays people to say its not a scam and make videos of them unboxing prizes What a load of bull...

BBB might do something
It took you that long to figure out Lockerz is a scam?
I hate scams as much as you do. If you want a legitimate site to make money online try triond. It is free and easy to use. This is how I make around 3 dollars a day , writing only 2 recipes a day.

http://webupon.com/money-making/how-to-make-money-online-the-triond-way/
Calm down. Where did you get your info. It might not be accurate. Lockerz is most probably not a scam. I know friends that got stuff off of it. It could just be that Lockerz is currently out of stock. Sometimes it crashes. And why would Lockerz be a scam. The more people on the site, the more advertisers want to advertise there. And they pay Thousands of dollars to pay for all of the prizes. And more. I think you are just panicking. And also, The last statement, I quote, " Just to get this site off the internet(I don't want to resort to hacking)" Could be used as a statement to send you to court. It legally qualifies as a threat. So, be careful with your word statement later.
Calm down. It's not a scam. Advertisers fund Lockerz, alright? Sometimes they get out of stock and a few people don't get their prizes. Only around 1%, and if you contact them, you can report the problem and get your prize. And seriously, contacting the FBI, the government, or God? That's way too high for this kind of stuff. Not everything you read is true. I could say that hippos can fly and repost it a hundred times, but that doesn't make it true. Also, HACKING IS ILLEGAL, dumbass. You could get arrested for threatening to hack a site.
Dude chill out, You are spending you life on this website to get a 50 dollar game. Oh i got a better idea may be get a job and then buy your little game it only takes 2 weak to get 50 dollars. better that 3 years. You wanna go through court just because you didnt get your little game. 

but for lockerz, it is a real website, sometimes u do get your prize sometimes you dont. most of the time its out of stock.....so calm your self and i wish i contact god to.
