I don't know how to order online?
Please help me! I want to buy the queen size for this:
http://www.thejunglestore.com/Animal-Gifts-Party-Favors-And-Wild-Theme-Merchandise/Zebra-Print-Bed-In-A-Bag-Set
But the problem is Idk how to purchase it. How do i do it? Where do I click? And how can I know how long is it going to take to be deliverd. And is online ordering really deliver the stuffs or do they play pranks? Sorry, this is my first time ordering onlinee.
And what does "Enter Quantity" meann?

u need to choose item, then proceed to Busket or check out
most site should ask for shipping info, or some sort of log in. last will need to provide payment method.

do not shop online from untrusted sites, they will still your credit card and put u in debt
First select the queen size in the drop down box named    "Bed-In-A-Bag Sizes"
Then click the big "Add to Cart" button, The way most online places work is they have electronic "carts" , and the top there is a link to "view cart" click that to see what you have added to your cart and the subtotal of items in it.Then usually there's a button or link to click that says "Checkout" or "Proceed to checkout", click that. A lot of the time you need to create accounts with the websites so they will have your email and be able to show you your order history and stuff like that. In the case of this website, it will have a button saying "Continue" that you need to click on to create a user account. With a lot of websites you can track the status of your order by logging in as the user you created, and sometimes they even put the UPS/Fedex or courier tracking number there for you.  I'm not sure about this website because I've never shopped from them.  The website looks legit, and has a "Security Badge" from verisign saying its secure, If you want you can look online for any reviews of the online store before ordering.

Hope that helps.

Additional info: always keep an eye out when you create user accounts on websites and give them your email, they usually have a "Send me promotional emails" or something like that checked by default, so make sure to uncheck those if you don't want spam from the company.
