How can i get this virus off my computer?
i open a message on facebook that was a youtube like from one of my friends but when i clicked the link it sent me to a fake youtube page and now my computer is infected with a virus. i cant use my main setting because every time i try to go in a box pops up that says i have to buy virus protection and when i try to "X" out it says i cant. i have to go to the guest setting to use the internet. also the audio device on my computer no longer works. when i try clicking a link on google i get redirect to so random website that has nothing to do with what im asking and also periodically a box pops up that makes me type in security words. its really a pain in the butt and i need it fixed asap because geek squad is trying to charge an are and a leg to fix it. and before everyone tells me to go into safe mode stop right there because i dont even know how to get to safe mode on my computer. i have a dell inspiron1501 so if anyone can help my fix my computer i well send you a box of brownies and cookies.....(im a pastry chef)

Download Malwarebytes onto a clean PC , if you can't download it directly onto your infected Pc and transfer it ( .exe file) using a flash drive and run scan 

Its free

http://download.cnet.com/Malwarebytes-Anti-Malware/3000-8022_4-10804572.html?tag=contentMain;contentAux
You need to google the name of the virus protection. Then follow the directions to remove it.

Safe mode is easy, but you'll need to google the name of the virus protection as that's usually the best way to remove it. It's best to do that from a safe computer like another family member's. Ten to one there is a keylogger on your computer. 

Then the directions will probably have you boot to safe mode. There should be a screen that says Dell when you start up your computer followed by a black screen and then whatever Windows you're using on there. During that black screen, hit F8 repeatedly till a boot menu pops up.
You might want to check out this turorial: http://instant-pc-fixes.org/spyware/how-to-remove-the-google-redirect-virus/

From the looks of it, you have a problem called the "Google Redirect" virus. This is an infection which makes many computers redirect the natural search listings of Google, and is quite difficult to fix.
antivirus tips and antivirus download:
http://merakit-komputer.com
http://merakit-komputer.com
