Will this happen soon on the internet?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMqHpzpB6ng


Bad idea: Downloading music on the web

''Its called the Anti Counterfeiting Trade Agreement, and it sets out to enforce intellectual property rights across the world. If you download music, movies, books or anything else copyrighted, ACTA will provide the legal framework to go after internet service providers and potentially shut off your internet connection. The agreement is shrouded in secrecy, but James Love, Director of Knowledge Ecology International is with Alyona to provide details. '' 

......................................бн


in this interview by russia today the guy is saying that america is going to enforce a world wide law , even in europe - of if you get caught downloading anything illegally like film or music , your ISP ( internet service provider ) will cut you off from the internet forever.

this news headline depressed me quite a bit as i am from england .

any comments ? 


and what would the people do that have material already on their computer, like music, films etc ?

do i face being cut off from the net ?



im hoping someone can answer my questions ive posed here  .
Jhanagain

speak for yourself, i am no pirate.

Not gonna happen. Everybody has and will illegally download. This would mean they would shut 90% of the worlds internet users offline.
hi would like to answer that .what internet company going to cut off there customers ?? how many people download music and films ??millions broadband companys said they sighed an agrement in the  uk saying they would cut off customers i have never heard of any one been cut off for download films ect not even a letter warning them .if they cut off custumers then they lose millions in a crowded market for the internet
they can't do that b/c the only way to track the downloads is through the site itself, and there are probably thousands of free music sites. if those sites wish to keep making money (through ads), then they will not share your personal information. the only way to change this is through an actual law established along with the agreement of ALL internet providers. this would cause internet providers to lose ALOT of money. that's millions of people cut off, which would be rejected completely by the world.
i don't know if u watched panorama the other day, but on there they were basically saying that if you illegally download things of the internet then your internet will be throttled down, this will happen for so many times and then if it keeps going it will be completely cut off. they interviewed the adviser for computer security for the government and he basically said that it was impossible because pirates will turn to animinity networks, he cant see this working. There was another interview with a ISP spokesman who was saying if they were asked to throttle down or cut off someones internet they will say no, they will only do it if it all goes through a court of law... so for us pirates we remain safe. XD
though many ISPs have agreed with the latest UK legislation concerning NOT cutting off internet access to those downloading copyrighted content, TalkTalk have chosen to ignore this. A very worrying move...
