What do online webcam models make? Is it worth doing?
What do online webcam models make? Is it worth doing?
I am an attractive female thinking about taking advantage of my natural assets via the internet. I would like an honest opinion and appraisal of what this job is. Do you really make money? Ups and Downs, Ins and Outs, Tips and tricks. Any thing a girl needs to know b 4 getting started.

The amount of money that a web cam model makes depends on certain factors such as the amount of time the model works (obvious) and other factors some of which are linked to the site itself such as the amount of members the site has,the amount of visibility and exposure the models receive plus other things on the part of the model such as how attractive the models is,their ability to build and retain a fan club,your ability to be sensual and sexy and seduce site members into a show and things like that.

That being said, it is my opinion that you can make good money.A Very Good Site/network in my opinion is The Internet Modeling Agency.

http://www.internetmodeling.com/1278

It boasts of being the Adult Webcam Network with the highest level of Traffic and it is due to the fact that the network owns thousands of different sites which all of their individual models are visible on and this generates a huge amount of visibility and exposure to the millions of site members they have across the network for their models and as they state allows even their most average models to earn as much as $600-$1000 working as little as 20 hours a week. With some of their most attractive and top cam models earning as much as $2000 a week and more.

It is important to remember that you should never have to pay to become a cam model.No start-up fees or costs of any kind ever.

All you should need is to meet the age requirement and have the necessary technical equipment

The Internet Modeling Agency (which I would recommend you try) for instance only requires you

 -To Be an attractive female or male over the age of 18 with a private place to work.
- Be friendly, open minded, and feel comfortable in front of the camera.
- Have a scanned image of a valid Driver's License, Passport, or other legal proof of age.
- Have a computer with a P4 dual core or higher processor, and at least 1GB of RAM.
- Have a high speed broadband Internet connection (click here to test speed).
- Have a good quality WEBCAM AND MICROPHONE.

And no costs or fees of any kind.

Another good cam site to work with is Live Jasmin.Live Jasmin is not as large a network as the Internet Modeling Agency and may not be able to match the earning potential of the internet modeling agency but it still is pretty good and worth taking a look at.

http://registration.livejasmin.com/index.php?refererid=kaswa6

In addition to that they allow you to do something which the modeling agency does not and that is protect your identity.If you wish they allow you to block site visitors and members from any geographic location you wish from seeing your webcam.e.g if you live in New York and wish no-one form New York New York to see your cam then you can block both visitors and members from both those locations.

There is more info I could give you but it would be too much typing if you want more info check the site below.

Hope the info was helpful to you.All the best
