Best Internet Browser?
I just got a Eee PC 1005 from Asus but IE 8 is always not responding what should I do to fix that and get a more consistent Internet browser?

firefox
i think Google Chrome. im not sure about Safari. firefox i like better but its a bit harder on your system
The top contendors would be 
Firefox
Opera
Google Chrome.
Firefox Pros:
ADD ONS this type of browser is based on addons!
Cons:It's the slowest of them all.

Google Chrome:
Simplest design, has some addonds.
Cons:none really except for the occasional crash.

Opera:
Fastest, looks clean.
Cons: NO ADDONS not nearly as stable as chrome or firefox.

If all you are going to do is light email and stuff I'd recommend google chrome:
http://www.google.com/chrome
For Best i go for FIREFOX
The browser market is really diverse now so you have choices, depending on what you want.

Mozilla Firefox: http://www.firefox.com - the second most popular browser (after Internet Explorer). It is extremely customizable. The huge wealth of add-ons available will do everything from telling you the weather to blocking advertisements on webpages you view.

Google Chrome: http://www.google.com/chrome - this browser was built for two things: speed and security. In both of those, it excels. This browser completely isolates and sandboxes each tab and plugin so even if one tab crashes or stops responding, the rest of the browser will still function. Chrome is the clear leader in speed as well.

Opera: http://www.opera.com - this browser looks beautiful in my opinion, but some people can't get used to the interface. They recently released a new version of the browser that puts the Javascript speed close to Chrome. The browser is pretty popular in Europe but doesn't get much attention outside of there.

Apple Safari: http://www.apple.com/safari - Safari is a browser designed to be extremely simple to use. The Windows version is somewhat bloated, but it still won't freeze as much as I.E. 8. It's very fast, almost as fast as Chrome in fact, but isn't very customizable. Still, it's a good option if you just want something simple.
Internet Explorer is known to be the best due to a lot of security, and yes it is slow.

I use firefox, and love it.

I downloaded google chrome but the security is sorta weak
firefox, google chrome, avant, opera, and safari are all good browsers
