QUESTIONS ABOUT AN EBAY RETURN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
i bought this fake north face jacket on 3/2/2010. i got it on friday. the seller's policy is to notify them of a return 3 days from receiving it in the mail. does that include sat & sun's?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!? because the post office is closed during the weekend, and i dont want there to be any problems or funny business with this seller's returns!!!!!PPPPPPPPPPPPPLEASE HELP. i really don't know what to do, and i really want my money back. never again will i do this. and also, shes not clear about her policy, she says no notify her, and when i emailed her, she hasn't responded!!!! it's not like i cant email her on wknds i know that, but she might try to have something pop up where i cant return it how i broke a policy rule or something. advice and answers please and thank u.

Email her today.  You only got it yesterday.  That's only one day, not the three she limits you to.  If she does not respond, you have still emailed her.  There will be a record of it.  Ask her to contact you as soon as possible.  You will have fulfilled your end of her requirements.  If she does not respond on Monday, see if there is any way to return it without her input.  Make sure it is in exactly the same condition in which you received it.  You might have to pay return shipping.  That's reasonable.

If you cannot resolve this to your satisfaction, report it to eBay.  Give her a low rating, too, and be sure to write a review of the product so others will know.
If she doesnt respond in a timely matter open a Item not as described case through paypal (assuming thats how you paid) & escalate to a claim again if she is not responsive (give her a couple of days) or unwilling to help you. Once you have escalated it, paypal will then make their decision. You may need proof that the item is fake, (Something in writing from whoever makes those jackets/ licensed dealer) 
Disputes of that nature can go either way. Good luck though I hate FAKES...grrr
Hopefully there will be no need for opening a dispute & she will refund you once you have returned it. Do use a trackable/signature delivery postal method (so you have proof you have sent it back)

Dont leave feedback until the transaction is over which is when paypal have made their decision.
