Are the websites with surveys on them safe?
Theres a movie online that I want to watch reaalllyyyyy badly but the only websites that have them are websites with those surveys on them that say things like 'Take this 2-minute IQ Test' and then when I exit them they say 'Please help keep our website SPAM-free' and things like that. Please help me!! Has any one does the surveys and unlocked the websites? Or are they just scams? Please help, it will be greatly appreciated!

Thank you!!!!!

Stay Away.. They are scams and could end up with a bunch of virus etc on your computer.

The Old Computer Guy
In my honest oppinion, no.  They can sometimes spam your phone or email.

The remedy?

Google the internets for another video :D

Good luck.
go to watch-movies.net
They are more than scams. Most of time they get their survey done and say movie/survey is not available in your country  Sometimes you complete the survey and they will say you are not eligible or things like you mentioned. Forget them.
just go there and need a survey
http://www.watchmovies43.info
Webmasters add surveys now cause there are a lot of auto bots to copy the movies. They are only using surveys to be sure that the visitor is human and not an automated bot. Since hackers found a way to bypass capchas, they use surveys now. Those are only 2-3 mins surveys and after that you'l be able to watch a movie for almost 2 hours, worth it!

Try this one - watcheclipseonlinefree dot com
Heres a list of some of the legal and legit movie sites.
http://durmebugs.tripod.com/amazingvideos/id20.html
It isn't that not all of these websites aren't safe, often they will be safe other than just being annoying. The problem is a lot of the time they are just total scams, the reason why you can only find that particular movie behind a survey screen instead of anywhere else is because it isn't available on the internet yet, so even if you fill out the survey you'll just get a message saying wooops sorry its been taken down.

As owners of sites like that are likely to be untrustworthy types then its also quite likely they wont mind using the ads that pay high but deliver virus' to peoples computers, this won't always be the case but frankly why take the risk when 90% of the time you are just being scammed anyway.
Chose a site which provide a dvd copy, watch online or download it. There are many free movie sites out there but the best i found and the only site that i'm viewing movies at is http://best-watch-movies.com/ all are free. new movies are also available before movies are out on cinemas..the best for me!
I have been using this website to watch the full movies online after completing a survey and it seems to work perfectly. Visit the website and check it out yourself:- http://www.wnsap.com/
