What Internet Browser Is Better?
I can choose from any of the following but which one is best?

Internet Explorer 8
Opera Browser
Mozilla Firefox
Gooogle Chrome
Safari
Flock
Green Browser
Maxthon
Avant Browser
K Meleon
Flash Peak
Sleipnir

Which of those above is best. Thanks for your help

It's between Chrome and Opera on that list...I prefer Iron, which is like Chrome, but with one big difference...
Well i use Google chrome because it buffers videos faster.... but ive been using firefox since years and had no complaints....
The "best" browser is a matter of preference and isn't the same for everyone. I like Firefox because there are a lot of extensions available for it and it's very customisable. For example, get the Adblock Plus extension and you won't see ads while browsing. I use maybe half a dozen add-ons and I can't imagine not having them. 

Google Chrome is supposedly faster than Firefox, it might be worth a try.  You know you can install multiple browsers and just see which you like?
You're not going to get a straight answer if you ask this. It's best to give them all a test run to see what you like most. In my opinion, you should pick one of the more popular ones (IE8, Opera, Firefox, Chrome and Safari) as most websites don't support anything outside that and may cause some weird results.

Personally, I've noticed that IE has more unreliable and slow downloads than Firefox, and is probably the least customizable of the lot there.

BTW, I'm a Firefox guy.
Firefox is quiet simple and easy to use for basic users and it sports some awesome advanced features and also fully customizable is u have a little time and no patience....
Chrome is a new browser but also a fast and reliable one....

Firefox is the best browser in the world....
More number of people use Firefox than any other browser in the world....

Safe surfing........
Mozilla Firefox is best It has cool addons and If You know how to use them You will never ask this question Which Browser is BEST?
internet explorer 7 not 8 because 8 has a lot of crash issues and also it depends on your system but ie 7 is the best browser for xp ,vista ,and windows 7
google chrome.... its really fast... and now real player is also available on it
The main competition is between Firefox and Safari 4.0 and Google chrome. I would prefer Safari, because after the worst version of Safari 3.0, Apple has bought out a marvelous version of 4.0. 
Firefox for toolbar, speed and security
Safari for looks, speed, security and downloads.
Google chrome for all the above,,,,,,, but I would prefer Safari.
