Why are young people so selfish on the web?
In the real world - and also on the web - people creating something to sell rely on the money from sales of that current item to have money to create the next item.  If you run a lemonade stand and allow people to take your lemonade for free, you will have no money to make more lemonade.  It's so simple.
So why are there so many posts on here from people whose trial version of software have finished, wanting to know how to either "crack" the software or download a full version for free?
Don't the people doing this realize they are thieves, or do they have the idea that doing it on the web (as opposed to taking something off the shelf in a store) somehow makes it okay?
Perhaps those indulging in this dishonest activity should imagine a crowd of total strangers around their lemonade stand, simply taking away their lemonade for free.

Good point, let's hope those who are doing this get your message
And if somebody was to take your Lemonade, Would you fine them 1.9 Mil?

http://www.topnews.in/woman-fined-19-million-dollars-illegal-download-2179985


While i do not condone piracy, That is BS.
its all about the experience Jim. They are young and they dont have too much responsibility on them. This apply not only on internet but in the real life as well.
And yet, good products can be made without asking your users to pay for them.
Millions of people downloading and using the lemonade and there's still some left.

http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/
http://httpd.apache.org/
http://php.net/
http://www.debian.org/
http://www.archlinux.org/
http://www.freebsd.org/

Just a few examples.
Yep...couldn't agree with you more!  Sometimes they come up with lame explanations like "I have a legitmate copy of Office but I lost the key".    This has always annoyed me too.  Maybe Yahoo Answers needs to monitor their boards a little better and delete those types of questions (at a minimum) or cancel their Yahoo Answers accounts.
IMO this is all moral bs. Life is about survival of the fittest: you take what's yours and you steal what's not. If you really want to live in a fair world, I suggest you first begin working on eliminating poverty and disease. If you can't do that, you're just as selfish as the ones stealing off your lemonade.

BTW, if thieving weren't considered illegal/immoral, would we honestly care about whether we've earned the stuff we have? Have you earned every single thing you own? What about expecting presents, isn't that just a more "civilised" form of theft? Honestly, you should stop complaining and other people should stop pretending they care. If you don't want your lemonades stolen, find a way to keep it safe.
Money, dear boy.
