Internet Explorer not responding?
Whenever I am on my Yahoo home page and type for a search my IE stops working. Also, sometimes when I start my laptop or when I go to a website my pc freeze for a bit and after a minute will come back. Can someone help me figure this out please. I know there are sites that will let you download programs to scan your pc but when ask if you want to fix the problem you have to buy it. Any free programs available?   THANKS

http://support.microsoft.com/ph/13418#tab0  try here and also you can use free ANTI-VIRUS PROGRAMS, AVAST IS EFFECTIVE AND FREE, ALSO USE MALWAREBYTES ANTI-MALWARE, IT IS FREE ALSO
Use Hitman Pro, ccleaner, reset IE8 to Defaults in Options, Advanced and restart PC...
Are you running Internet Explorer 8?

If you find that your IE8 freezing frequently in Windows, here are some trouble-shooting steps you may try:

1. Run your anti-virus and an anti-spyware, to check for malware infections. Microsoft Security Essentials is a good freeware AV from Microsoft:
http://www.microsoft.com/Security_Essentials/
 
2. Clear Cache. Or else run your Junk Cleaner or CCleaner. In IE 7 or 8, click Tools > Internet options > Security > Reset all Zones to Default level 
3. If still you find your IE giving problems, close it and run IE (No Add-ons). This opens up the browser without loading any add-ons, toolbars or plug-ins.
 4. Run sfc /scannow and at the end reboot if asked for. This will replace corrupted system files if any.  
If you find it running OK, then the problem is most probably caused by an addon. In that case you have two options :
- Use the manage Add-ons tool, and disable each one after the other to find out which one is causing the problem.
- In Internet Options, go to Advanced Tab and click on Reset tab. Restart IE. This step deletes all temp files, disables any add-ons, plug-ins, toolbars and also resets all changed settings to default. Although this is a quick-fix, you will have to re-install the add-ons.
 If you feel the need to Repair Internet Explorer, then this article will guide you http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Tips-for-solving-problems-with-Internet-Explorer 

I hope this helps!

Cheers,
Bryn
IE8 Outreach Team
Your computer seems sluggish and sometimes even crashes inexplicably . 
there may have some Spyware running on your computer without you knowing it! 
Use the tool to repair it:
http://pc-freezing-tools.com/Keep_Freezing
