Help with paypal and sending items?
i put my phone for sale on a website and the women who bought it has paid me thru paypal but paypal wont give me the money until i have sent them confirmation of the tracking number but i dont want to send the items before i receive the money into my account as i dont want 2 b out of pocket n end up with nothing at all.The woman said she wont give me the address for where it has to be sent to until she has paid it.I received the e-mail from paypal saying they have took the money but the address is nigeria somewhere where it has to be sent to is this a scam n should i just keep hold of my items n try n sell them somewhere else.The womans e-mail addy is tinalancscity@live.com

DO NOT SEND TO NIGERIA

ITS A SCAM

please please don't send, the money will never appear in your account, its fake, please just report the user to ebay. 
You urgently need to read this
http://forums.ebay.co.uk/thread.jspa?threadID=1100141048&tstart=0&mod=1201174617718

to report the ebayer use this link
https://cschatlb-na.corp.ebay.com/chat.asp?profile=51
its a scam  NIGERIANS ARE SCAMMER   I GOT SCAMMED BY THE *************** PLEASE PLEASE FOR GODSAKE DONT SEND PLEASE PLEASE DON'T THANK YOU    DONT SEND IT PLEASE  I REPEAT DO NOT SEND
Was the sale actually completed through Ebay? Paypal is just a bank basically they do not ask for tracking numbers. This sounds completely wrong.  

If she has bought the item though Ebay she has to pay before you send it, that is how ebay works, she can give you a different address to send it to after she has paid if she wants. Did you send her the invoice to pay through Ebay or did she just send you a payment through Paypal? Basically I am asking has she actually won the item. 

Check in your "my Ebay" that the sale has been completed through Ebay, if it is genuine you must keep the goods until she has paid for them. If it is not genuine then report her to Ebay.
This is a scam. Do not send anything. That email is NOT from Paypal, it's a spoof. Paypal never asks for confirmation of tracking numbers, ever. If you go to paypal.com and log in and don't see any money in your account, they never sent any money. Do not ever click on links in these emails - if you did you need to call Paypal ASAP as you just gave your login and password to a scammer who can now steal from your account
NEVER send to anyone before you go to paypal and see the money in your account. And NEVER ship anywhere but the buyer's registered Paypal address no matter what kind of story they come up with. You have NO protection from Paypal if you get scammed if you don't ship to the registered address. Paypal does not allow accounts from Nigeria so NEVER ship there unless you want to lose your PSP and never get any money. 
Do not respond to this person again and block them from contacting you. Now that they have your email, you will now be targeted with other scams. If you get any emails pretending to be from paypal, the police, the FBI or elsewhere trying to scare you into sending your PSP, don't believe any of them. Do not send anything to Nigeria ever for any reason
