Okay to give my cell number to people on my forum website?
I trust them all fairly well, and I have unlimited texting. I doubt they would bill me or anything... unless they could? I dunno. I just want to know the dangers, if there are any- I can't see any.

No!!!!!
fuck no.  Dont trust anyone on the internet.  fuck
Your phone number being given to a pervert!
i wouldnt. you do not know these people at all
if u trust them it may be okay, but you also have to realize that anyone could access forums, so your phone number could get in the wrong hands
Let me put it this way, if you gave ME your cell phone number I could drain your bank account tomorrow.  Don't do it.
International texts are usually not free so if there are people on the forum that isn't from where you are, then its a bad idea.  Plus, there are always stupid people who like to spam people for no reason.  So give at your own risk :)
I would recommend you stick to forums and don't ever give up your phone number, they can then find your address and then stalk you. They might sound nice on the internet, but he might not be what he seems. Stick to the internet for now. Good luck!
No real dangers, do you really want to deal with people that much though? Sometimes it's better to keep people on the internet, some people get weird.

If they know your full name already, then I wouldn't...but it depends on how much you trust these people. They could prank you, sometimes it's not in a fun-loving manner either..being pranked can seem quite serious and be quite shocking to you if they do a mean job of it..

If I were you I'd go with your gut feeling. It sounds like you're questioning it, so I'd say no..from what I can see, but I'm not you.
No! Please do not give them your number! There a number of different dangers. I will list some for you. They could turn into stalkers, not be who they say they are. Like they are a lot older or be sex offenders. They can tell you that they are teenage guys and girls and be men and women in their thirties :(. Be very careful on who you give your number and address to. Make sure you know them only in person and NEVER over the internet :). OK? Good luck and be safe :).
NO IT IS NOT OKAY! HAVENT YOU BEEN TAUGHT ABOUT HOW DANGEROUS THAT IS? DO YOU WANT TO HAVE TO CHANGE YOUR NUMBER? DO NOT DO THAT! EVER!
