?49.99 + vat for a year of dot com. Can this be right?
I have just received a request from my domain name host Sub 6 Ltd. This requests that I pay ?49.99 + Vat for just a 1 year continuation. Is this correct or do you think its too much? I have held the domain for 3 years and am sure it was around ?10 per year when I bought it. The name is nothing special either. If you think it is too much, where do you recommend I go, and how would I go about transferring? Many thanks in advance of your help

If this is just for the name and not for the hosting then yes it is expensive. I would try http://www.godaddy.com/ or http://www.namecheap.com/.
Hope this helps.
Thats a rip off.

i never pay more than ?10 for a domain name and some i use are less than ?1.00 ( per annum).
I am not familiar with that domain provider but no way would i pay it. 
My theory is that they know your domain is 3 years old so have upped the cost due to you wanting to keep that domain. 
How long before it expires?
You may still have time to transfer the domain to another company for a fraction of that cost.

Checkout godaddy, heart internet, and just host for domains.
If you want new hosting to then i would personally go for Godaddy, as there support is fantastic.
Too much!

Transfer yoour domain to http://www.goldpuma.com . Cheap and reliable.
Transfer you Domain to : http://www.inWebHosting.com for 7.49$
Make sure that's it just a domain name and not hosting too.

If it's hosting too (like, you have a website hosted by them) than the price is OK.

If you want to transfer your site to a cheaper host I recommend one of these: http://www.tophostingpicks.com

iPage has the best offer right now.
Their standard price is ?59.40/year (?4.95) but they have
a promotion currently, one year of hosting for ?23.88.

Their plan includes:

Unlimited disk space
Unlimited bandwidth
Free domain name (or transfer)

Price: ?23.88/year (?1.99)

They have one of the most popular hosting platforms, which currently hosts over a million websites. They're also one of the oldest hosting companies, founded in 1998.
I pay 36 Euro for 2 years for my .com domain name registration with Register.ie that is around ?30 for 2 years. |I pay a seperate fee to Webspawner.com for the actual hosting but its not much. Yours sounds quite high.
