how can the pirate bay not be legal if its on the internet?
wouldent the goverment like...put all them in jail and take the site off?

HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA.

Yeah, because one government controls the Internet. Right.

The U.S. isn't the only country in the world. And they're based in Sweden. And no one uses The Pirate Bay anymore. Its tracker is dead.

Oh, but file sharing has just been deemed legal in Spain, so every server should move there soon.
"wouldent the goverment like...put all them in jail and take the site off?"
The real world is (thankfully" not that simple

Firstly a site can be legal to run even though it can be used for illegal things. Youtube is a good example of this, as long as they follow the rules when they receive DMCA takedown notices and don't encourage posting of illegal content it's legal for google to run youtube in the US even though many users post illegally copied content.

Secondly the internet is worldwide. The legality of something in the country where the website is based and the legality in your country are not the same thing. Consider allofmp3, it's legal in russia where it is based but it's not clear whether it is legal to use it from a western country or not.

Thirdly even when a site is doing something illegal most countries have a principle called "due process". Stripping someone of thier freedom legally takes a lot of time due to the length of trials and the appeals process build into most court systems. Combine this with the habbit of sites like the pirate bay to move servers from country to country when the heat is on and it becomes quite difficult to legally take them down.
@ Star123compy:  Your answer is partly correct, but the following statement is not true:  ".....And no one uses The Pirate Bay anymore. Its tracker is dead."
Correction:  TPB is the most used bittorrent site in the world.  Whether or not its tracker is "dead" doesn't even matter because of the way bittorrent itself has evolved.
But don't take my word for it.  Feel free to go to TPB and start leeching/seeding.
As far as I know no torrent sites are hosted in the USA because of our strict rules here.  They are all hosted in foreign countries.  Sweden, Canada, etc.  The internet has truly no bounderies or borders, does it?
