Is swagbucks a legit site?
Will you actualy get something from swagbucks? Is it really free?

You will most likely never get anything of real value from it.


edit:
all these people that are saying it's legit are saying so because they have put links to refer themselves, to make more swagbucks.
No it¡¯s a scam. I was a member of swagbucks for 4 months and never got a thing. I ordered a laptop and it NEVER came. I called the company and asked them to give me a refund but they would not do it. Don't trust them it¡¯s a scam! I found points2shop and its way better.

Points2shop is by far the best site for earning free cash/prizes. I've been a member of all the get free stuff websites: Prizerebel, Swagbucks, Lockerz, Rewards1, and cashcrate. They were all really hard to earn points on. It was very time consuming. And I never got anything from those sites.

If I were you I'd go to points2shop. You can earn points so easily on points2shop by completing offers, surveys, playing games, or simply by clicking on links! It¡¯s that easy! I just received an ipod nano from points2shop in the mail last month. You get all your prizes directly off amazon.com, which makes shopping for prizes a lot easier because amazon has every item you could possibly want. 

Points2shop is best, fastest, and easiest site for getting free stuff. Best of all Points2shop is 100% free.If you need to know more information you can check their forums where members post the things that they have received for earning points on the points2shop website below.

The only way to get 250 free bonus points is by going to the link below and signing up.

http://www.points2shop.com/?ref=salibu
Swagbucks is a very legit site. I have received over $50 in amazon.com gift cards in 2 months. I suggest you sign up and start right away with 30 swagbucks! 
All you have to do is sign up, search, use swagcodes, and if you want do offers. And you will make alot of money just like me. If you have any more about swagbucks, questions. Just ask on there facebook wall. So sign up now!

http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/Goaliekid97
Swag bucks is a real site and legit. Although most of the prizes are high cost, an affordable option are the 5$ amazon gift cards. They cost 450 SB's, which doesn't take long to accumulate.

The site works by rewarding you for what you usually do - searching the internet. Although hardly as good as Google imo, if you got to certain sites daily, you can use use Swag Bucks search engine to go to the site. It's one extra click, but can earn you free points for a free 5$ gift card.

Another easy way to make swag bucks is through referrals. 

Go here to sign up, it's pretty easy and you spend seconds to earn free items. http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/cyric47
Short story is.. Yes it is legit.
It works, Its 100% safe.
It doesn't ask for any personal details.
It dosn't ask for a credit card.

So far I have recieved $35 Amazon Gift Card Vouchers, And thats enough proof for everyone that this is a legit site. Trust me, it works.

Sign up here: http://bit.ly/aFTrpV
Yes it is! I've gotten over $40 worth of amazon gift cards from there
sign up here: http://bit.ly/ba7UyH
Hey Jesse, 

Yes Swagbucks is free- I have earned myself 20$ amazon vouchers from it

Basically it get's its money from advertisers etc, basically search a few times a day, everyday  within a month you'll have enough points to get yourself somethign decent. 

You don't need to give them any credit card details and what not

sign up here : http://swagbucks.com/refer/MissHannahx
