What do you think about blog sites?
I'm looking for a good blogging site and I was wondering if you could give me your thoughts and reviews on sites where you have blogged or tried to blog. Thank you.

Live journal is pretty popular, I've never used it though I use my myspace for when I have something to blog about. [Which rarely happens lol.]
I absolutly love love love bloggerspot.com 
I blog there, along with many of my friends. 
This is my blog:
http://babewithbrains2011.blogspot.com/
I created this site: http://www.procrastinationfascination.webs.com 
and its my blog and you can blog too.
Its for teenagers who are bored and like to blog and are looking for something fun
Love for anyone to check it out
Created by a teenager (me).
I'll recommend your Google's Blogger.com

The points favoring my recommendations are: 

If someone is new to blogging, the blogging site should be easy and doesn't make one disappointed in future, when he/she will be technically far more ahead at implementing things than they're at present. 

Then let I assure you, Blogger.com, a blogging platform by Google is by far the best.

Blogger.com is the best platform for all bloggers, irrespective of their tech expertise. In addition, another benefit of using blogger is that you get traffic from Google search as well.

Google's blogger.com is a pretty versatile blogging platform. The url format of your new blog will be xyz.blogspot.com, where xyz represents your name. But if you want to make the url look xyz.com, blogger allows you to do that as well. You can tweak the looks of your blog, from 1 percent to 100 percent and add much functionality to it as well.

For beginner, getting started is quite easy too, just three steps:

Create an account (if you have an existing gmail account, then you can use that too)
Name your blog
Choose a template

In the beginning, one can make a blog, by taking the three above steps. The same blogger can be tweaked in future to resemble in looks and functionality of a professional blog.

One more thing, if someone harbours the idea of making money from the blog; then let I assure you a blog on Blogger.com gives a person most independent revenue making setup.

Thanks
