Ebay shipping question?
I think I'm gonna sell my old ps2 games on Ebay. What do you think it's the most I can get out of them (I have about 10 to sell) and do I lose any profit in the shipping?

Add the shipping charge!
all depends.. you should do your homework and see what the games that you're trying to sell are selling for on ebay.. IF you visit usps.com upon up a free account, or go to your local post office and pick up some FREE boxes.. You should charge maybe $3.00 and I believe it will cost $4.85 to ship.. If you sell your games as a lot you might get more out of them, and you could make a profit with shipping.. Priority boxes work, and a medium should work.. Charge like $9.25 S&H on ebay, and it should cost you $5.85 to ship them out..  Good luck..

- Justin
It depends on what the game is and what its original cost was.

I can't just give you a number on any random game since you could be selling crap games or old expensive games.
make sure you know what shipping costs and add a dollar or two to the shipping costs.

To determine value, search for your item in ebay, then on the left side of the screen click "completed listings".  You can then see what they actually sold for (as well as see what other's charged for shipping.  You will have fees to pay both Paypal and Ebay.
then speak to ebay - they own the site!
For this one, you're going to have to go to the source and do a little research.  Go to eBay and see what games like yours are (and aren't) selling for.  I personally appreciate the sellers who do the math for me -- they figure the shipping cost into the price and offer 'free shipping.'  That way, I know the whole price I am going to have to pay when I first look at the item.  

Decide from what you see at eBay whether you're going to offer it as a lot or sell them individually.  

Before selling them, however, I suggest you check out www.swaptree.com, a site where you can trade things.  They accept games in trade.  You get to choose from movies, music, games, and books for what you want back from your trade.  Go see how the site works and see if that would be a better option than trying to sell the games.
