why does my internet explorer stops every day?
multiple times a day when i'm on the internet it stops responding  sometimes even goes off or send me back to my screen this has really teed me off

sounds like you have a virus or spyware, get and scan with ad-aware free and avast antivirus free.
What version of internet explorer are you running? To find out:
Open Internet Explorer
In the top part of the screen look for the "help" menu. (should be towards the right of the screen)
Then click "about internet explorer"
1. scan ur computer with a good antivirus software.
2. use firefox... it's a lot lot lot better than internet explorer.
get it from here:
http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/personal.html
First, are you running Internet Explorer 8?

If you find that your IE8 stops responding frequently, here are some trouble-shooting steps you may try:

1. Run your anti-virus and an anti-spyware, to check for malware infections. Microsoft Security Essentials is a good freeware AV from Microsoft.  
2. Clear Cache. Or else run your Junk Cleaner or CCleaner. In IE 7 or 8, click Tools > Internet options > Security > Reset all Zones to Default level 
3. If still you find your IE giving problems, close it and run IE (No Add-ons). This opens up the browser without loading any add-ons, toolbars or plug-ins.
 4. Run sfc /scannow and at the end reboot if asked for. This will replace corrupted system files if any.  
If you find it running OK, then the problem is most probably caused by an addon. In that case you have two options :
- Use the manage Add-ons tool, and disable each one after the other to find out which one is causing the problem.
- In Internet Options, go to Advanced Tab and click on Reset tab. Restart IE. This step deletes all temp files, disables any add-ons, plug-ins, toolbars and also resets all changed settings to default. Although this is a quick-fix, you will have to re-install the add-ons.

Let me know if you have any other questions.

Cheers,
Bryn
IE8 Outreach Team
