Another eBay question?
So I've heard of people doing this as a business. What I've heard is that some people make their living buying and selling things on eBay. And I've heard that some people even sell them before they gain physical possession of the item. That is to say, they win it and then turn right around and re-list it to sell themselves. Is this real, and if it is, how do I do it? Because I would think you would at least need to physically have the item before you can sell it. Please help!

simple answer. don't. more people try this but don't understand there is a fair amount of detailed research into every item you buy and sell. most people who try this end up with a large bill from ebay and a mound of useless junk in their basement.
YES indeed! people sell goods on eBay although they don't have the goods in their possession, and this is possible via DROPSHIPPING. 
If you don't know what it is, its a system where the seller research the item he wants to sell and put it on his eBay shop, but the item is not with him. If his item is sold on eBay, He buys the item from Dropshipping stores on web and put the delivery address of the eBay buyer. The item doesn't come to him, but instead goes straight to the eBay buyer. 
Seller has to research and create account appropriately from Dropshipping website, but they are generally more expensive. I have done it once and im not impressed really. You may just want to look for wholesale stores and buy them and sell them again. Its better.
You dont necessarily have to have actual possession of the items & some sellers do sell this way although they need to state in their listing that they dont have it in their possession.
In re to dropshipping, I wouldnt run the risk of possible problems that this way of selling may produce. You are responsible for ensuring your buyers receiving their items, what happens if your dropshipper doesnt supply the goods, has gone bankrupt, or a host of other reasons. You will be the one to refund your buyers, get negative feedback & deal with complaints. Personally I couldnt deal with doing business that way. So apart from the $$ you could lose, the stress is not worth it.
