i am wondering if this is real?
I have a question about this message. i saw this story on tv about scammers getting your information by posing as a legitimate company, and I got this email from yahoo asking me for my information. I just want to know if this is real, please help. here it is:  ACCOUNT@ UPDATED   Dear Account User   CONFIRM YOUR YAHOO ACCOUNT SERVICES. VERIFY YOUR YAHOO ACCOUNT NOW TO AVOID IT CLOSED !!!   This Email is from Yahoo Customer Care. We are having congestions due to the anonymous registration of Yahoo accounts so we are shutting down some Yahoo accounts and your account was among those to be deleted. We are sending this email to you so that you can verify and let us know if you still want to use this account.   Due to the congestion in all Yahoo users and removal of all unused Yahoo Accounts, Yahoo would be shutting down all unused accounts. You will have to confirm your E-mail by filling out your Login Info below after clicking the reply button or your account will be suspended within 24 hours for security reasons.   User Name:.................................... Password:........................................ Date Of Birth:......................................... Country Or Territory:..............................   After Following the instructions in the sheet, your account will not be interrupted and will continue as normal. Thanks for your attention to this request.We apologize for any inconvenience.  
please can someone help me with this?

its a scam... you should know this by now -_-
FAKE! Do not do it!
send this to the YA people - if it's from them they will verify it............look at the bottom of this page for the "send feedback" area
YAHOO WILL NEVER CONTACT YOU OR ASK FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM YOU.   THEY DO NOT HAVE CONTESTS OR PROMOTE THEM
Well, if you've been using your yahoo account quite a bit, it shouldn't be deemed as inactive and cause it to close.  So that's the first problem.
Second, yahoo would never send you an email you should reply to with your password information.  Usually websites like such will send you a link to some site that automatically updates that you still use your account.
So, I'd have to say it's a fake.
You shouldn't give that kind of Information to anyone, Yahoo have some rules about account that doesnt have use in a while, sometimes Yahoo decide to cancelled and they dont let you even know, but Yahoo doesnt send those kind of mails.
