the schools blocked all known proxies any ideas?
i need some help .
list any and all proxies that arent blocked by the school system

You are right... you need help. School is for getting an education. Use your home computer and your own time to go to places on the internet that your school has blocked.  Or, get a cell phone that has internet access.
What is so urgent that you can't wait until you get home in order to access the websites that are blocked from campus? You are attending school for an education, not to play on fakebook or update your twitter status on the taxpayers' dime.
use 1 of the below

awesomehide.com
liketohide.com
cleanhide.com
schooljoker.com
yahooisfun.com

proxies get blocked very fast..to get Fresh Proxies right to your mail
 join the group
http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/getaproxy/join
The web filters and content blockers have become virtually unbeatable. Proxies and such don't work anymore.
((( surfxmatic.info ))) is the best unblock site ( for me and for all my friends ) that include a large list of fast, free, new, and working proxies that up to date every 30 minutes , you can using it to bypass your school filter, access and unblock all blocked websites ( i believe that : Surf X Matic is smarter than any smart web filter )

Good surfing
where is my vote ?

Cheers...;)
They haven't blocked these:
http://www.surftunnel.com
http://www.schoolchan.com
Facebook, Myspace and other Proxy address that changes daily.

Today's address (3/26) is: 174.129.155.146 port 80

Get the daily free proxy address here:

http://www.wildtunnel.com
http://www.ippredator.com
http://www.countersurf.com
http://www.personalvpn.biz
Web filters get more sophisticated every day. They can scan and detect proxies as soon as you try to use them. The most advanced systems can block you within seconds. Others send a report to the admin and the block is done manually.

The name of the proxy, how new it is, whether it¡¯s https or not does not matter. The proxy will be detected and blocked because it¡¯s a proxy.

There is also considerable risk in using free proxies from unknown sources. Many of these free proxies are what are called hacker pots. They are there waiting for you to fall into their trap so they can steal your information and plant bots on your computer. Once a bot is planted the hacker has control of your machine and can steal credit cards, attack web sites and send out tons of spam all from your IP address.

Some of the free proxies/vpn's are run by people out to make money. There is nothing wrong with that in principle. However the best case here is that you will get a proxy loaded with advertisements with no real speed to it. The amount of money the owner can make with advertising clicks is really only pennies. Many of these owners supplement their income by key logging everything you do and selling your personal information to advertising companies. Since you have no way to know what the owner is actually doing you need to assume the worst case is true.

Read some more about free proxy servers below:

http://www.personalvpn.org/danger_proxy_servers.htm
this one is unknown

http://4tt.org
You can try one of the links below. They're pretty new so they should work in most places, they work with facebook, myspace and youtube and have no download limits.

http://myinternetprivacy.info
http://myprivacytools.info
http://networkprivacy.info

You can also bookmark http://centralxy.com for new proxies and anonymous email addresses.
