I think I am being scammed on E-bay?
I won a low-value item on Friday night and was planning to go and pay for it by pay-pal yesterday but I found the below message from the seller (I have blanked out their address).  As it was requesting my e-mail address I reported it as that is not allowed by Ebay.  I do not know what the form is they are talking about and why would I send a duplicate payment; and they didn;t even seem to notice that I hadn't yet paid (it would come up as item paid for on Ebay).  I will not give them my address and it looks dodgy so I am wary of continuing with the transaction even in the normal way but I don;t want any negative feedback.  I have contacted Ebay and have no reply.  What would you do?  

"Hi, I changed my emil address last week so this payment hasn't gone through as my old email was hacked into and this is where the payment has gone. Please could you send me your email address so I can send you a money request form? or if you could pay to email address ************@googlemail.com

Kind regards"

It may not be a scam,I had a similar problem a couple of weeks ago (as a seller)
For some reason paypal had an old email address of mine and tried to collect the payment into that.
I had to go into paypal and change back to my new email address.
It wasn`t an easy process to complete, and your seller could have got confused with the instructions.
I had to contact the buyer and ask them to repay into the new email address.

Have you looked at the sellers feedback?
If they have plenty of good feedback, it`s very unlikely to be a scam.

Have a look in your "won items"
You will probably find that your payment is still pending. (A little egg timer at the side of it)
They won`t have been able to take it, as the wrong email address has been used.

Can`t understand why they`re asking for your email address though, but like I said they may be confused as to how to sort it out.
I had to contact paypal for instructions, but it was easier for me as my old email address was still active and I was somehow (can`t remember how) able to do it from there.
Actually you can pay someone through a email address but the thing is it wont be linked to your item on ebay.  The money request form is like a invoice that the seller can send you via  paypal. However, I dont blame you for being cautious even though its a low value item.(its better to be safe then sorry if you know what I mean)
It is possible they have had their account hacked & paypal  has limited their account. Contact ebays live chat & ask what the best course of action is.

BTW - Sellers cant leave buyers negative feedback anymore
turn that into ebay or paypal i hope you used paypal
i think that is aginst ebay rules !
