What's better; Mozilla Firefox 3.6 or Internet Explorer 8?
If you don't prefer any of the 2, don't answer. But if you use one of them, which one is better, and why?

mozilla firefox
Google Chrome > Firefox > IE
firefox by far
So far it's Mazilla Firefox. Good luck.
Mozilla is better and safer; every time I use Internet Explorer [no matter what version it is] i get these pop-ups. I have Windows Vista, btw.
Mozilla Firefox off course because it is faster
firefox

also download google chrom if u get the chance

oh and if ur looking for something really amazing try google earth

PLEASE MAKE THIS THE BEST ANSWER I NEED THE POINTS ;(
IE8
Firefox hands down.
Firefox runs smoother, and safer (i'm sure you heard about the IE security hole a few months back)

i've used IE8 before and i had constant problems.
IE crashed, had so many bugs, and it does not process HTML like it should.

i've been a Firefox user for about 2 years now and i've only had 1 problem (i had the beta test version) where it crashed.
Firefox processes HTML fully, like every browser should. (IE is the only one that doesn't)

Firefox also has MILLIONS of add-ons to use (for everything from tab management to themes to download managers)

its time to click here
http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/
This question shouldn't even arise. Almost any up to date browser is better then IE8. There are just too many security flaws with IE, but because all the other browsers were so far forward, MS released it anyways, trying to play catch-up.
Firefox for the win, more stable than IE, faster at loading web pages, and it is customizable with free add on's, giving it features the IE couldn't even dream of
mf !
internet explorer 64-bit. its very fast. i hope Firefox comes out with a 64-bit one soon.
I'm used to using IE, but Firefox turns out be more stable unlike IE which crashes atleast a couple times a week.
mozilla, but u shuld get chrome
I prefer Internet explorer
Give up on Firefox until its fixed there are currently just too many problems to rate it as a reliable piece of software. Try Orca, K-Meleon or Flock they are all free Mozilla based browsers and are all faster than Firefox. They have been produced by people who agree the Mozilla search engine is best but that firefox has gone wrong somewhere. If you go to firefox help pages or Mozillazine help pages you will see that the people there are extremely arrogant and blame everything and everybody for having problems with Firefox. Not a good sign. IE8 is OK with a shell like Avant or Maxthon or slim browser. But a browser that is not part of the OS will always be more secure. the less well known it is the less likely it will be hacked.
Firefox.
