Is anybody else mistrusting the internet more and more,?
as you learn/ get older/ the  internet grows?
I know I am ...

While being a great source of information and it has taught me so much, I always double check news or "new" information. I can't get over how people believe emails from strangers and are so gullible sometimes.
as the amount of anons multiply... yes  (=
The internet has not been trustworthy since it's inception.

It can be a valuable tool if used right and after double checking everything.  But to trust it would be folly.
Yes the internet is becoming a dangerous place, without an anti-virus or some sort of firewall just clicking on a link or visiting a website can expose your computer to all sorts of viruses.
Not really... it's never been "trustworthy".
I trusted the internet perfectly...until I took my first networking course.  When I didn't understand it I was content to belive it worked, now that I understand all of it's layers/protocols/techniques I can't believe something that complicated can actually work ;)

Honestly though I think I feel more trust with access to the internet then without it.  It's not so much that I trust the internet, as I trust my ability to screen what I see on the internet.  Not too long ago if I saw something on the news I had to 'trust' that what they were saying was true and not being twisted to serve a political agenda.  Now if a politician says something interesting I can get the facts, see how both sides of the political spectrum 'interpret' the facts, and make my own conclusion based off of a significant amount of data.

The important part is to realize any single point on the internet can't be trusted.  You should either 1) check with sites you know can be trusted or 2) get confirmation from multiple sites

Oh and if you get an e-mail, pop-up, friend request ect that seems odd to you, assume it's a virus until otherwise stated.  Hey trust and paranoia can live side by side!
now days the only truly way of being 100% safe is


never go online!
completely mistrusting the internet is not the way to be. everything you do in life can involve a risk or put you in danger. I'd like to think of the internet as no more dangerous than sex because with proper precautions, you're likely to be ok.
I am cautious but not completely mistrustful. as long as you don't give out personal info, you avoid websites/email that look suspicious and you have good software to keep your computer from infection you and your computer are likely to be safe.
