What do you do when someone says their eBay item is unreceived when you actually sent it?
I'm pretty sure they must be lying. I put the right stamps on, correct address etc.
And even if they're not, surely I cannot be held accountable for the Royal Mail's problem of not delivering properly?
Did it never occur to you that the person paid for this type of delivery and not higher delivery charges/recorded mail? Thank you very much, don't be so rude.
Oops the added details I just put were meant for my other question LOL my bad!

it takes time to get were it is going to,and also to process it. just have to wait. no offense intended.
Hunt them down and kill them
When you send an item you've sold to someone, you should really pay the extra 2 bucks to get a tracking number.

You can show them the receipt you have showing you sent it, but without a tracking number it's your word against theirs. 

Also, if they've paid you, you're responsible for making sure they receive the item they paid for. You owe them the item now, so you need to either provide the item or a refund.
No you are not responsible if it went missing in the postal system and you should clearly state that on your auction and offer to send items recorded delivery if the buyer is prepared to pay the extra costs involved. Unfortunately buyers can leave negative feedback for you despite your best efforts so its in your interest to try and resolve this amicably. It may well have gone missing and they could be telling the truth, look at it that way, it does happen. 

Did you get a certificate of posting stamped at the post office? This is a free service, you fill in the form and the post office stamp it with a date stamp. This proves you sent an item to the person named on the form on that date. I always complete one for every item I send. It is not insurance that they can claim on but simply proof that you did post the item on that date. 

If you have a certificate of posting then offer to email or scan them a photograph of it and see what happens, often when I do this items mysteriously get delievered all of a sudden!  Communication is the key to success on Ebay. 

If you haven't got a certificate of posting there isn't much you can do as cannot prove you posted the item. If you can afford to stand a part refund then offer this maybe as a goodwill gesture? Depends how friendly the buyer sounds and how much you value your % feedback score. 

You don't have to offer to refund and if the item doesn't arrive they may well leave you negative feedback and you cannot leave negative feedback for them. If they leave a negative feedback comment all you can do is add follow up comment underneath stating that you did send it and it must have got lost and you are very sorry.
Usually the onus is on you as the seller. You are the one with the burden of proof, as you are the one gaining cash. Therefore, yes you can be held accountable for the Royal Mail's "problem", unless you specifically displayed a disclaimer for this eventuality, in written form and in public (and even then, I'm not sure how paypal will take it).

If you wish to show off good business sense and customer service (knowing it could affect feedback, and even get you further sales), I would do the following. I am a frequent online seller, and this is what I do if something goes astray. Refund them immediately, unless you really can't afford to, or send them a replacement if you have it available. Then immediately get on to Royal Mail for your compensation. I believe you can claim up to ?39 for just plain First Class, as long as you have a proof of postage (a free certificate you can get at the post office when posting) and probably some proof of value (an ebay receipt printout?).

[Take a look here: http://www.royalmail.com/portal/rm/content1?mediaId=50800724&catId=400029#28300230]

I think its probably very unfair if you just left them to it, as your customer can't claim from Royal Mail. Only the sender of mail can do this, as it is the sender who has paid RM, and therefore the sender is RM's customer (and is the one with proof of postage). 

Royal Mail will want you to wait 15 days after the date of posting. This is because machine and human sorters can sometimes misread postcodes due to the volume of the mail and time available to process it, which can end up directing an item to the wrong end of the country (or even a single letter difference in the postcode - always double check the code with unfamiliar addresses: Some are close in code and far in distance such as AB - Aberdeen, BA - Bath). It can take up to a week to filter back through the system.

Of course, its also possible they are lieing and have recieved it. Again another reason to only allow Recorded or Special Deliveries, regardless of their preference. It may cost you a bit more, but I find people are more likely to buy if you promise a next day guaranteed delivery (by using Special Delivery), and many will pay a bit more. However, even if they are lieing, this is a risk you take when using something like eBay. 

Good luck with your compensation claim, and I hope it works out for you in the end.
