i gave my email password to someone?
my boyfriend asked me for my hotmail password cuz he's a controlling person and after we fought for one hour i decided to give it to him to show i'm not hiding anything. well a few mins after i gave it i decided i don't like my password out there so i logged in and immediately changed it not knowing whether he was still logged in or if logged in at all. i re logged in with my new password and it work.s does that mean and is there any way he has my new password or access whatsoever/

i mean right after i gave it to him i felt like i made a mistake so i logged in, so we might have been logged in at the same time and i changed it while he was likely logged in...so

dump his a$$
You changed it, it works,, so,, relax.. ~
You need to find yourself a better man. That's not cool. Depending on the website and if the e-mail associated with the account is one of yours, he might be able to get your new password.
no he doesn't have it 
but even if he is logged in and he tries to view something it will tell him he has to relog in because you changed the password.
but if you're still not unsure just change it again
You're safe. If you were able to log in with the new password then that means it was changed successfully. It doesn't matter if he was logged in while you were doing it: once you changed the password he would see something to the effect of "your session has expired please log in again", which he obviously can't do because the password changed.

On a personal note, nobody deserves a boyfriend like that. Recommend upgrading your man for a better model.
not really, unless he knows answer to your password retriever question
no there is no way he can log back in because he only knows the old password and unless hes super creepy and hes just leaving it logged in like permanently then you should have no problem 
hope that helps!!
i do not think so. your password is encrypted . when you changed it , even if and that is a big if , he was still logged in the password would be encrypted and look just as it does to you when you type it in . Dots. 
So at the very worse if somehow he could stay logged in after you changed it he could maybe change it to something else before he logged out . so you would just have to try and log in to find that out . if you can log in , he did not change it . your safe.

Oh and get rid of him. bad news. controlling is very bad.
