My Internet Explorer is not working...help?
How do you uninstall internet explorer?

Best thing to do is get a copy of Mozilla Firefox, from a friends computer (download it and save it on a memory stick or burn it to a cd ) and use that from now on,
I also had too many problems with IE that I just stopped using it completely.
You can restore your system to make Internet explorer work fine , but i would recommend tou to use Mozilla Firefox 


http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/personal.html



Follow the steps to restore your system in case you want to continue with Internet Explorer


To use System Restore to restore Windows XP to a previous state, follow these steps:

   1. Log on to Windows as Administrator.
   2. Click Start, point to All Programs, point to Accessories, point to System Tools, and then click System Restore. System Restore starts.
   3. On the Welcome to System Restore page, click Restore my computer to an earlier time (if it is not already selected), and then click Next.
   4. On the Select a Restore Point page, click the most recent system restore point in the On this list, click a restore point list, and then click Next.

      Note A System Restore message may appear that lists configuration changes that System Restore will make. Click OK.
   5. On the Confirm Restore Point Selection page, click Next. System Restore restores the previous Windows XP configuration, and then restarts the computer.
   6. Log on to the computer as Administrator. The System Restore Restoration Complete page is displayed.
   7. Click OK.

If you successfully restored your computer to a previous state, and the computer is performing as it should be, you are finished.
you can uninstall and reinstall it from control panel>add remove programs> in that left hand side panel click add/remove windows component, there you find Internet Explorer--- just unchecked that check-box and click NEXT that will uninstall IE from ur computer...

fro reinstall u can follow the same one...........
