Question about importing to the UK?
Hi, i have asked this to the seller on ebay but as he lives in japan he probably won't be up for a 2-4 hours but my Q is if i import some thing will it get put on a UPS/Royal Mail etc when it arrives in the UK and be delivered to my address or will i have to arrange transport with customs?
Also what type of shipping would you recommend out of
SAL "Economy airmail",
EMS "Express Mail Service"(with tracking number) or
Airmail (all include insurance)
or dose it just matter about how much I'm willing to pay & wait?
link to product page on ebay http://cgi.ebay.co.uk/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=270526046169&ssPageName=STRK:MEWAX:IT
 thank you
(if this is in the wrong section let me know which it woud be best in)

If they are shipping it by SAL, EMS or Airmail, it will automatically be delivered by an employee of the Royal Mail Group. SAL and Airmail will be a regular postman, EMS will be a Parcel Force driver.

Thats not to say these items bypass Customs. Royal Mail and Parcel Force have a special arrangement with Customs - Customs Officers are present at the International Mail Sorting Offices and supervise the unloading process, inspecting the mail as it enters the UK mail network. They can authorise Royal Mail staff to open any suspect items for further inspection under their supervision. If the items are illegal in the UK, they will be confiscated. If they are due any import taxes, Royal Mail will pay them on your behalf. However, you will then be delivered a small card telling you that this has occurred, and that you must go and pay a fee (equal to the tax owed and a handling fee, usually between ?4-8) at your local sorting office. They will then release the item to you.
However, looking at your item, I doubt that this will happen.

Regarding the service to use - the price will obviously be different, so its up to you how much you want to pay. I would always suggest EMS or equivalent when buying or selling online. It always pays to have maximum tracking and insurance, just in case. SAL will probably be quite slow as its actually "Surface Air-lifted", meaning its treated as surface mail. In other words, when its in the UK and Japan, it will be treated as 2nd class mail, but it gets put on a plane between countries and could take a while. Airmail will be quicker, its always treated as 1st class, however, it won't be as quick as EMS and won't be quite so secure.
In order of preference, I'd rate them from best to last:
EMS
Airmail
SAL.

Hope this helps!
