torrents r legal or not??????


If you download something copyrighted e.g. commercial movies or video games, it is most likely illegal, depending on where you are.
as micheal said...................if its copyrighted material then its not legal............

most torrents(almost 99%)  distribute copyrighted materials.....one thinks all torrents are illegal.........but its not the case..............
For downloading, there is no legal use for torrents.  If the item being downloaded was legitimately available for free, there would be no need for torrent sites.
Music - the artist is being deprived of royalties to which he/she is legally entitled
Movies - it is the money from sales (DVD's etc.) that provides the money to make new movies.  People stealing movies from the web are contributing to the rundown of the music induatry
Software/video games - the creators don't do it for fun.  They are trying to make a living and so they kinda expect to be paid AND to make money to create their next item.
Torrent users seem totally unaware of the basic rule of commerce - your have to sell your current item to get the money to create the next item
Technically no but their purpose is illegal
Jim I see you are showing your ignorant biased and incorrect views on torrents again.

As the others stated, torrents are perfectly legal and depending where you are, only sharing material to which you do not have the copyright or permission to share the copyrighted material is illegal.

Saying that there would be no need for torrent sites if they only had legal content also displays your lack of knowledge on the technical side of things. For a start there are already many high profile, trusted software authors who have torrent links available to download their material.

This eases the burden on the servers.

Because of how torrents work, there is no need to maintain vast servers which enables content to remain free and would eliminate the need for hosts to rely mainly on donations and/or advertising to cover those costs.
