What's A Good Blogging Topic?
Ooook.. So I just got an account on Blogger.com, and I've posted 3 borrrring entries, sooo..whats a good topic, is all I'm wondering.. 'Cause I can't really think of anything~ >.<

Thanks in advance!

A good topic would be.. you. If you like something, write a complete blog about it. Or if you have a website, try advertising it.

If you want some tips, make sure to keep it real and serious, don't go off topic, don't make it oh so boringly long, and of course, use proper grammar.
Health related topic is best.
I still can't understand, why are you calling your 3 posts boring. As blogging is nothing but a hobby; and no one feels bored when indulged in that hobby. It's an altogether different thing, that some people start making money from their blogs in due course and in some cases make it their profession. But doesn't it similar to someone taking his/her hobby as a profession? That said, I suggest you to search for things you're passionate about. And one more thing, you have chosen a good blogging platform, Blogger.com.

You can write or say about anything which you're passionate about in your blog. In addition, unlike real world newspapers and magazines, which mostly follow strict grammar rules; blogging has no rules prescribed. Any writing style which clicks with the readers is good. 

Hence , don't feel that you'll need some special guidance to blog well. Just write what your heart says you to write.

Some dos and donts:

1) If a thought comes to your mind, write it.

2) While writing a post (an article in a blog is called a post) never tell yourself that the final product will be perfect. Instead, tell yourself, " I'm writing for myself ; so I don't care even if the finished post appears like a trash".

3) Write without inhibitions (remember: this doesn't mean being impolite).

4) Write as much as possible

5) An article written for a blog; should always be posted. Even if the finished article doesn't look post worthy; go ahead and post it. initial quality non-conformances go with time. So make a motto: Write and go ahead and post.

5) Don't expect anything to be obvious. You'll yourself find that, things which seem quite obvious, make for best posts.

If you want to concentrate on writing; outsource the technical part to someone else. 

Thanks
