are they really gonna crack down with this internet downloading law?
ive heard the u.s government are pushing hard for it now, i keep seeing more and more news stories about it now.

here was a write up recently to do with the subject ; 

'' The music industry targeted people who downloaded music freely from the internet, now the independent movie industry is trying to take the same action. The United States copyright group is sueing up to fifty thousand movie downloaders for violating copyright laws.  ''


i keep hearing these stories and that the u.s will enforce worldwide laws  for global ISPS - internet service  providers  -  order  them to cut off permanently their internet service users   for downloading  ' anything '  illegally ,  for eg, like  ;  free film  and music .


users would be indefinitely  cut off from the web  as harsh penalties for downloading free media   , and faced with unlimited fines.

i find all these stories worrying as i have already got tons of stuff on my computer and im in the once  , great old England.

any comments you wish to say ?

They've been saying that for years. Do you know how many people illegally download music? Not that I approve of illegally downloading music nor do I do it but if they enforced this law I think the majority of america would be behind bars including 13 year olds.
This only forces the pirates to be more vigilant and create new way to mask their downloading and uploading I don't think they realise how many people illegally download the odd file now and then If they cut people of it's just gonna damage the economy also just because someone illegally download a movie doesn't mean that if his internet gets unplugged he's gonna go see it at the cinema there is always a way
They have been preaching this for long time and nowadays it is becoming practical.

mininova.com was a very very good website and now this is nearly inactive as all the music and video torrents have been deleted.

certain other websites are also under the same threat.  a recent message on a website as follows:

US Copyright Laws

The US court ruled, in late December 2009, in Summary Judgment that we were liable for secondary copyright infringement, you may have read about it in the news. What you have not heard however is what happened since the status conference in January. The Judge, at the status conference, agreed to provide us after the injunction phase, but before the damages phase, with an interlocutory appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Before we appeal however, we must undergo injunction motions and that's what we are doing now. Plaintiffs have filed their motion with their proposed measure for injunction a couple of weeks ago. The Plaintiffs proposed injunction and its keyword type filter, in our view, raises serious issues on the balance between freedom of speech, fair use and copyright protectionism. Such keyword filter is also impossible to implement if it's to have any sort of precision, nor can it avoid conflict with fair use cases, free commerce, or extra-territorial law. We have just filed our response in opposition:
