Received item I didn't buy.?
I just received a set of headphones that I never ordered. It says it's an amazon.com order and it also says it's from OEM For Cheap. The reason why I'm suspicious is because I have bought dozens of items from Amazon before and the packaging and receipt look nothing like Amazon's, and also because of the content of the receipt. And because it says the shipping address is the same of the billing address (mine). I just checked my bank account and nothing has been charged. I have never bought anything from this store, have never heard of them. Actually, I haven't purchased anything online in more than a month (it says the order was placed 5 days ago). We suspect it's a scam and that they make money from returns. Here's how the receipt looks like:

Item name: NEW OEM Apple iPhone 3G 3GS Ipod (ALL) Touch Mini Nano (all we received was the apple headphones)
Quantity: 1

Return policy:
To return a product you must request an RMA# by contacting us via e-mail at: oemforcheap@theoemshop.com

Customer satisfaction is our top priority. If the item is defective we will replace the item. If the product is out of stock we will provide a full refund. We charge a 20% restocking fee on returned non defective items. Items that come in retail cannot be returned. Shipping charges are not refundable.

Send return to:
OEM For Cheap
5620 1st Ave, 4th floor, Suite C
Brooklyn, NY 11220

They mention my billing address on the receipt but no credit card numbers.

Is this a scam? What should I do about the headphones? I'm just trying to do the right thing and not get scammed. I would like to know if they are a serious company so then I could return the item (without being charged those 20%, of course).

You could just hand it to the cops.
Is it possible that someone is using your credit card information, perhaps stolen from somewhere?
Check all your sources of payments, bank, credit card, Paypal, etc, to be sure
You could always call them, to see why they sent it to you. Their web admin contact should be able to give you some numbers to call. Interesting to note, they do not have a working web site (not public anyway...), at least right now it seems to be down - that makes me suspicious.

Personally I don't trust them, they have several web sites all on the same server, with the same admin contact number...ie:
Kusho.com
Shopdaily.com

very few of them are actual working web sites...
If you receive an item in the mail that you did not order, you are under no obligation to return that item or pay for it.

It seems like this "company" is trying to scam people out of their hard earned money by sending a cheap product and having it get "returned" by the person they sent it to.

If you do not see a charge for it on your accounts, there is no problem in keeping the item or throwing it away. You could also let the police know about it and they could look into the matter but most likely the "company" is not even located in the country and therefore not subject to local law.

You may want to try and find out how the company got your address in the first place. I would suggest contacting Amazon.com and letting them know about this.
