Why is the Internet Explorer usage share in decline?
I've been using it now for as long as I can remember and got used to it, 
Many people have however told me that I should switch browser but why is that?

Thank you for your help :)

Because, Internet Explorer sucks!

It has horrible security, Google for 'Internet Explorer security bug' and you will find thousands of them.

It is slow. Firefox, Opera, Chrome are much faster.

There are no addons, which are nifty things you can install to your browser.

Get Firefox. It is the best browser you will ever use and you will never look back.
Because of its flawed service and it security vulnerabilities. It's fairly outdated and obsolete on the modern internet. It also lacks personalisation tools such as themes etc. I dislike it mainly due to the fact it crashes lots more compared to a browser such as Google Chrome
Because Firefox, Oprah, and a lot of other programs are way better, I prefer Firefox over everything because of all the add ons and customization, For instance, I have an addon called "add block plus" now imagine if the internet didnt' have any adds at all, that's what using this addon is like, i absolutly love it, and if somthing isn't on the list and the add comes up you can just rightclick>block. Firefox is a free webbrowser by basically the same people who made netscape.
Internet Explorer is the slowest most usless browser ever to be produced. It fails in what it can do what it can read ( as in code types) and has very limited addons.

Firefox is becoming very popular as is google chrome, both these browsers have the benefits of add ons such as flash block, ad block, firebug ( web developer tool) and much much more.

You should give one a try as you will be very surprised at the ease of them but also the speed of them.
free firefox download here
http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/?from=sfx&uid=303087&t=564
Sounds to me like you already have a virus. Internet Explorer was conceived by the terrorists in an attempt to crash Americas computers to better inflict terror upon our country.
The U.S. Government had set up an attempt to eliminate the "Internet Explorer" threat from the system and have succeeded on the most part, however, there have been scattered reports described in the same form as your problem that confirm that the virus is still out there affecting some computers, including yours.
If you set Internet Explorer as your default browser we will all surely die, you must go through a series of extremely complicated technical procedures that involve numerous codes and require extensive computer programming skills to remove the virus threat from your computer before it spreads to others, you usually have approximately 13 hours before it takes over and spreads to computers around the country. If you don't complete this highly tiresome and very complicated process in 13 hours then the terrorists WIN.
Good luck, we're all counting on you.
Well, for one thing, IE is a starting point for a lot of virus writers, while FireFox is not, so some folks switch to avoid viruses and like that.

Also FireFox has a lot of very useful add-on apps that IE doesn't, so some folks switch for them.

You know, it's free to download and try out FireFox, and, if you find you don't like it, you can just go back to using IE like nothing ever happened, so, why not just get it and try it and see if you like it?

Good luck, and the link below is to the FireFox website...
That browser is just spy-ware for the company that sells it, the EU even forced that company to give the people a choice, you can research that, But here in US we do not get that choice, so I chose not to purchase Windows, I logged on in DOS, FTP. 'fetched' Debian and never looked back.
That was 6 years ago.
IE is just a waste of time, resources and bloated code.
It is a preference, there is no best, there is what works and what one prefers to use.
I prefer not to use IE.
Because people think it is cool to knock microsoft.
They think it makes them sound knowledgeable to say that Micorosoft stuff sucks.
They are heavily encouranged in this by Apple and the pro-Apple press - who all use Macs.
Microsoft stuff is good!
If it wasn't for Microsoft then computing would be only used by a small elite.

Its pretty obvious from the market share that Microsoft enjoys that it is a far superior product to the Mac series, to Firefox, Opera etc. The numbers speak for themselves. You don't get a 90% market share unless you have something good behind you.

All the anti microsoft sentiment you see is based on either jealousy or Apple propoganda. Don't fall for it. Trust what you know from your own experience.
Microsoft don't care much about it anymore because Google are sucking every browsing dollar out of us far more successfully.
Because they all have been brainwashed and told what to use by others instead of making an informed opinion for themselves.

You can guarantee when they first start using computers and the internet they are told "Thou shalt use this [mainly FireFox] and thou-est will commit blasphemy if thy doth not!"

Me, I've used them all [and ripped them off after a few days because they were crap] and they are no different to any other. It's just a tool to access the internet and all of them are just a clone of IE.

The only true independent one was Netscape Navigator and they slung the towel in just over two years ago and bought out by AOL/Times/Warner if I remember correctly.

I use IE 8 as a bare browser and use the bare minimum to run it. Everything has been disabled, Feeds, Tabs, In Private, Filtering etc.

Also any browser is only as fast as your CPU speed, RAM and internet connection speed will allow it. Chuck into the mix time of day, what site you are on and what you are doing!
