any good free web hosting sites?
I purchased a domain from GoDaddy.  Are there any free web hosting sites I can use to host my site and use the godaddy domain?
I already have the site build, its fairly basic just a few flash pages.  could easily get away with under 1 gig storage.

Sure. I got one that I use for almost everything. Here:
www.weebly.com 

This site can meets the needs of what you are trying to accomplish and hold a different website domain.
I hope I helped!!!!
Forget weebly or whatever other so called free hosting where you cannot even install your own web application and do not have access cPanel, PHP or MySQL. 

Here is the real deal, you can get a free web hosting with unlimited bandwidth, unlimited space, unlimited domains, cPanel, Fantastico and much more. Better yet, this is from one of the top 10 web hosting companies - Hostgator.

The catch? You get to use it only for a month :)

Details in the source below.
Not site like that In My Point of view...You need Host new site as free..In here http://www.tucktail.com You can purchase the Domain Name at low cost,You can get the Free Hosting also many free services.In the site http://www.goresellers.com/ you can buy the Reseller Hosting Plan at low cost....
tryb www.ultraorbit.com , low cost web hosting company , only 3$ per month , you will love it , and if you dislike , this company give you 30 day money back so you can save your money .
Free web hosting companies come with ad banners which can be quite annoying to your users. Rather, you can try cheap and economical web hosting. I'd recommend you iPage. When you register a domain name you usually require a web hosting. iPage brings you a convenience. You can now book an iPage free domain registration great with your web hosting package. You can also get the web hosting plans a discounts: http://www.webhostingbreak.com/ipage-coupon/
The best free hosting company with no banner ads, its optional if you want to add a banner back to their site is 000webhost.

http://000webhost.com/224273.html
