Can employers track your internet use at work?
My boyfriend is at work doing medical billing, and he talks to me via Aim Express. can his employers track our conversation?

yes any employer can monitor all network activity, but this is done using special software.. which can be totally invisable on the network.
not the exact words, but they can easily see that he is on AIM.
Yes they can. And it's legal too. Because he's at work and (I assume) using their computer, they're allowed to install all the tracking software they want.
yes they can if they want to like they suspect him for something or...you know what I mean
But generally they don't.
Happy Chatting!
almost undoubtedly yes, they dont even really have to know what they're doing with computers, there are millions of programmes to do that. also, the bigger the company, the higher the chance that they are tracking everything everyone does on their network
well there are programs out there that look at other computers in a network. 

what this means is since your boyfriend is using the work's internet, this means there is the "big guy" that is connected to all these computers, giving them the internet. Now with the program, IF he has it, he can see what your boyfriend and every employer is looking at. Now this is the only guy that can do this, everyone else is a "pawn". 

If you want my opinion i dont think they care as long as he is doing his job as he is talking.

i hope this helps
Basic Answer: Yes.

Realistic Answer: If he works somewhere with more than 20 people, chances are his boss doesn't care enough to check and/or read your conversation. He's probably fine until he starts looking at porn during work or his productivity suffers noticeably.
Yes they can.

AIM itself and incredible insecure and basically a huge gaping hole in your computer inviting every cyber criminal to have a field day.
AOL doesn't give a shit about it's users so they never fix anything wrong with their software.

You install AIM and every hacker on the planet can access everything on your PC.
They can trivially crack you AIM password as well.

As an IT admin I don't care that you are cybering with your wife/husband instead of working - that is your boss's problem.
I care that you just destroyed the entire network's security and that might mean more work for me to clean up the mess.
My brother once installed a program designed so that teachers could monitor everything that was happening on students computers. It allowed him to view everything I was doing, and even take over remotely. If he can do that at home, they can do it even better at work with corporate funding
yes they can track anything he does
