Why is my Internet Explorer not working?
I'm using the Firefox browser right now, which is the only way I can get online. My internet explorer doesn't work, and that is the only way I can use my Yahoo Instant Messenger. I can't use my Yahoo Instant Messenger because of this. What could be the problem and how can I fix this? Thanks
But I can't use my Yahoo IM without IE. Can I switch my Yahoo IM to another browser????

because it's made by microsoft, known for faulty, buggy software.
use Chrome, IE sucks anyway
go to tools>internet options>advanced> click restore advanced settings restart then go back to same window & click rset in lower right corner, in each case hit apply >ok

this should take IE back to out of box codition
Are you using the current version of Internet Explorer (IE8)?

Here are a few things that you can do in order to get your Internet Explorer working properly again:

1. Run your anti-virus and an anti-spyware, to check for malware infections. Microsoft Security Essentials is a good freeware AV from Microsoft.  
2. Clear Cache. Or else run your Junk Cleaner or CCleaner. In IE 7 or 8, click Tools > Internet options > Security > Reset all Zones to Default level 
3. If still you find your IE giving problems, close it and run IE (No Add-ons). This opens up the browser without loading any add-ons, toolbars or plug-ins.
 4. Run sfc /scannow and at the end reboot if asked for. This will replace corrupted system files if any.  
If you find it running OK, then the problem is most probably caused by an addon. In that case you have two options :
- Use the manage Add-ons tool, and disable each one after the other to find out which one is causing the problem.
- In Internet Options, go to Advanced Tab and click on Reset tab. Restart IE. This step deletes all temp files, disables any add-ons, plug-ins, toolbars and also resets all changed settings to default. Although this is a quick-fix, you will have to re-install the add-ons.
 If you feel the need to Repair Internet Explorer, then this article will guide you http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Tips-for-solving-problems-with-Internet-Explorer 

I hope this solves your problem!

Cheers,

Bryn
IE8 Outreach Team
use Chrome.........
