A few questions about Zazzle.com?
I understand that there are copyright laws, but how strict are they?

What if I wrote the name of a singer on the shirt?
Is that allowed or not?
Or does it depend on the celebrity?

What about certain images, like ones taken at a concert or something?

What if you used an image or name that you are unaware is copyrighted?
Do they email you saying that they can't create the item, or do the police show up at your door?

I'm just looking for information, and don't plan on doing anything until I am certain that it is not illegal.
Another thing, I do not plan on making money off of anything I create, but have seen items that people have made that have names of celebrities on them.
I have an idea for a gift for someone, and just would like to understand the site.
I hope someone can help me.

i have made shirts there and i havent had any trouble with copywright.
(ive made a harry potter and black eyed peas shirt)
Copyright laws remain an issue at Zazzle. There are ongoing threads about it in the Zazzle forums.  They are very strict.

Here's the basics: You can't make items with any celebrities (unless they are politicians). You can't use their names. You can't use any images that you even take at a concert that has celebrities in it, unless you have the celebrities express permission to use them. You can't even really use any words associated with a celebrity in the tags or description. 

People do get away with it. There are literally billions of items at Zazzle and my guess is the only reason why some people get away with it is that they are lost in the bunch or nobody has reported them. Usually it's the people that work for the celebrity that usually reports the item. 

If you do get caught Zazzle will send an email explaining why a product was removed. 

I'm not sure if you would have problems or not if it's just a gift for someone. Zazzle is supposed to check if something is copyrighted before they print it, but sometimes things slip through.
Your best bet is to create your own art or slogans for sale.  If you take artwork or photos from the internet, Zazzle will eventually remove them and you will have ended up wasting your time.

It is unlikely that the police will show up at your door for a copyright violation.  Although, people have been sued for distributing copyrighted music and movies, so maybe art will be next.

However, in the US it is easy to know if something is in copyright.  As long as it was created since 1923, it is probably copyrighted.  However, if you created the artwork, yourself, then you hold the copyright.  So you are free to use it.  There are a few special-cases where works can be used (Creative Commons and Public Domain works, for example).  But, these will almost always be labeled as such and in some cases you can use them for commercial purposes, anyway.
