Any free gift websites?
for the last few days i havent been wat u might call lucky. i lost/someone stole my ipod touch 2nd generation and ive been very upset about it because someone bought it for me so its special. i know that now-a-days when things r free just about 99.9999999% of the time a catch or scam is involved i just wanted to know (FROM EXPERIENCE, not reviews) are there any websites that give u free stuff and its a legal or good website. btw id appreciate no rude answers. thanks.

If you want to get a free ipod than use this website
http://www.YourFreeVideoiPods.com/index.php?ref=4793161
This is the easiest website to get an ipod because i have received a free ipod from this website.
You are right most of them are fake sites tryin to lure people and scam them, But to our luck there is one such site that is infact giving away free stuff.

Its called lockerz, It has 1 simple question a day answer it get points for it and redeem those points for you favorite electronic item including ipods,psp and much more.There are many more simple ways to earn points.
No credit cards, No referals, No surveys and absolutely no advertisements..

All you need is an lockerz invite,which I would be more than happy to invite you, you can get your ipod touch 32gb in less than a month, I got ma ipod touch 32gb last month, Although 64gb touch is placed at much higher points getting a 32gb touch is no problem at all..
Just send me a invite request to ma id vinod9987@gmail.com. With "invite me" in subject.

By the way did I mention all this is for free, sounds too good to be true? lockerz manages all this bcoz only a person with lockerz invite can join..

You can do your little research if you want to..
As a testament to the legitimacy of Lockerz.com, its CEO, Kathy Savitt, used to be Vice President at Amazon.com and the CMO at American Eagle. Lockerz.com major financial contributors is Liberty Media, which owns a major part of Time Warner, and who needs introduction about time warner?

You better hurry up! cuz I'l stop sending invitation after a while..
Try this site

http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/AZNAce

You get points just by making searches on its toolbar just like on google. After signing up, you can get all sorts of prizes from ipods to game systems to music. It's a great site and I'm sure you'll love it.
I check pretty much everyday for free samples lol. I've gotten everything from coupons to free posters to free baby stuff. There's a few sites I check, but I like to use http://www.freefreebies.org  It tells you about freebies, samples, giveaways, coupons etc. and exactly what to do to get them. Hope that helps :)
