Internet Explorer Has stopped working!?
many times when I change a page I receive a message in a window "Internet Explorer Has Sopped Working" then it searches for a solution that it never finds and then responds to close the page, upon doing so I receive a new message window saying "This tab has been recovered" and the the page shows up again. Is there a remedy for this problem ?

Firefox.com
1)go to control panel->add remove programs
2)select "Add/Remove Windows components"

3)Clear(uncheck) Internet explorer checkbox and click next . Internet Explorer will be removed from ur system.
4)restart computer.

perform step 1, 2 again

5)Now Check Internet explorer and click next . this re installs internet explorer. Or if u have a seperate IE setup(new version) then run it.Also try disabling the addons in IE.
Use FireFox.
Are you running Internet Explorer 8?

If so and you find that your IE stops working frequently in Windows, here are some trouble-shooting steps you may try:

1. Run your anti-virus and an anti-spyware, to check for malware infections. Microsoft Security Essentials is a good freeware AV from Microsoft.  
2. Clear Cache. Or else run your Junk Cleaner or CCleaner. In IE 7 or 8, click Tools > Internet options > Security > Reset all Zones to Default level 
3. If still you find your IE giving problems, close it and run IE (No Add-ons). This opens up the browser without loading any add-ons, toolbars or plug-ins.
 4. Run sfc /scannow and at the end reboot if asked for. This will replace corrupted system files if any.  
If you find it running OK, then the problem is most probably caused by an addon. In that case you have two options :
- Use the manage Add-ons tool, and disable each one after the other to find out which one is causing the problem.
- In Internet Options, go to Advanced Tab and click on Reset tab. Restart IE. This step deletes all temp files, disables any add-ons, plug-ins, toolbars and also resets all changed settings to default. Although this is a quick-fix, you will have to re-install the add-ons.

If you feel the need to Repair Internet Explorer, then this article will guide you http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Tips-for-solving-problems-with-Internet-Explorer 

Cheers,
Bryn
IE Outreach Team
