HELP Needed ASAP with Paypal!?
I haven't been using Paypal for a while, but just now wanted to buy a game online and picked to pay through paypal. It would not accept payment as I had insufficient funds and had a negative balance which is odd as that had been paid for. Anyway, to break even with the balance I had to pay in ?16.00 to get my balance to ?0.00, but then when i tried to buy the game again, it's just not working. Im getting so stressed as I don't even know where the ?16 has gone. Help is much appreciated!

x

Pip pip cheerio my good chap.
To use paypal problery you need to conect your paypal to your bank account so you never go negative, unless you have nothing in your bank, and i think your on about ebay, so contact the seller and tell him whats happened and arrange a new payment method.
Best thing to do is contact customer services on paypal. They are very friendly and helpfull. I have delt with them many times before,

You can contact them via email or phone:

https://www.paypal.com/helpcenter/main.jsp;jsessionid=p8lhLJ4C78nqyjZpp0NpN3sQJvnq8bQs721xMHb0ykpLt9LgdQGD!1631296146?t=escalateTab&cmd=_help&locale=en_GB&countrycode=GB
If it says you dont have the funds then the 16 went back to pay the negative balance which means that you will not have the money because basically you owed it. To buy things through paypal you have to have a positive balance that mean you will need at the least however much the game costs in your paypal account.
looks like you have been charged for something which would take you papyal account balance to a negative.

It could be that you sold something and the buyer has claimed a dispute which you never replied to hence the buyer got a refund leaving you with a minus balance.

You need to have your paypal account attached to your bank account to prevent that happening, HOWEVER in your case you obviously didnt check your account to notice something like a dispute or a payment being taken out. 

You need to monitor your paypal account like you would your bank, its technically the same thing.

Now the fix, Your account may have been put on hold because of the negative balance, it may take 24 hours for paypal to register that you have made the negative balance correct. BUT because you have ?0.00 in your account with either an out of date bank card attached you will not be able to buy until you add the funds to the account or set up a direct bank transfer.

Bank transfer is easy enough with paypal but if you do not check your emails registered with the paypal account your asking for trouble.

To buy the game add more funds to your account, ( Just enough to cover the total sale).
