which is a better browser ?mozzila firefox 3.6 or google chrome?
Actually i have both and have been using both frequently.Still i have not been able to decide on which is the best. I searched the net for it and came down to these points:
FIREFOX 3.6
Pros
fast(at least faster than 3.5)
customizable(grease-monkey,personas etc)
more options
Cons
slower than chrome
more memory usage
less screen space

CHROME 4
Pros
Fastest
sleek design
more screen space
less memory
Cons
vulnerable
still beta
less customizable

so please give a me an honest opinion
should i stick with firefox or go for chrome
or do you think there is a better browser than these 2
please help, i really need a good answer

I'm a software developer. So I prefer Firefox with all the helpful addons. However, when I'm just browsing the web (like on my laptop or something), I prefer Chrome.
firefox is nice if you like the ability to customize so much in your browser. it's also pretty safe and fast. chrome hardly has any way to customize the browser but it's very speedy. faster than firefox, but not by too much. i personally use firefox.
Personally, I prefer Mozilla Firefox to Chrome for many of the reasons you mentioned. As for speed, Firefox is pretty fast and is a small price to pay for a good overall web browser. Other than the speed, Firefox is better.
That depends what you're doing with your computer.  Personally, I like Google Chrome the best.  If you're a person who just needs to keep it simple and be able to open up bookmarks and tabs, go for chrome.  Firefox is more customizable but however I would say that the custom things that it has are things that most people don't necessarily need.  Google Chrome is DEFINITELY the fastest.  I have not found anything faster ANYWHERE.  Google Chrome also has the ability to change themes(which I like, the default blue is pretty boring) .  Even if you're doing very complex internet processes (in which case I would suggest Firefox) I would definitely at least give Google Chrome a try.
Offcourse Google CHROME.........Try it
if u want security go for firefox.
But if you want speed go for google chrome
Chrome is just ever so slightly faster that Firefox, but that very little speed you get from Chrome is not worth all the information Google stores about your browsing habits.. so I use Firefox plus like it was said you have soooo many more ways plus so many add ons and it's a lot safer.
chrome..as its simple n faster........
actually with google chrome beta you can add themes etc just look up chrome themes
