Craigslist Scam maybe? Computer Repair?
Hello, I posted a Craigslist ad saying that I could fix or repair any laptop or computer. 

I got a person from Minnesota saying that he has 10 computers that malfunctioned and saying he would pay me through a certified check or Money Order. Is this a scam or what? How should I know if this is a scam or if not.
No I am not in the same state as him.

Money orders usually can not be scammed.  But, in reality - how would we know if it's a scam any better then you would know.  Go ahead with the repair order and find out.
My instincts tell me that this is dodgy. Ask him why he can't make a transfer through a company like Paypal?

Fraudsters will avoid any traceable transaction. If they say no to any traceable service and insist on Money Order or Western Union, it is most probably fraud.

It is possible that they will deliver the systems from a foreign country by courier (paid for by stolen credit card) and get you to forward these on somewhere else (i.e. return them to 'their' address once you have 'looked' at them), and you could have later played a part in sending on stolen goods. If it is really a scam then this would be my best guess to what is going on.

However, it might be entirely genuine. Speak to them and find out. Ask for a return address. Suggest a more secure method of payment which offers merchant protection. Keep in the back of your mind that this could be a common 'mule' scam.
Are you in minnesota? If not it's more then likely a scam, Why would someone from another place try to get a service they could get easily in their city for probably not any more then you'd charge unless they were trying to scam you.
Get their home/business phone number and call them. Scammers will not give out a regular phone number. Once you get their number, do a reverse number lookup on the internet. If the names/numbers match, then odds are they are "real" people.
Most "certified" checks or money orders in scams are forged and it takes at least 2 weeks for them to properly clear ALL the banks involved. In some cases, if the check is from out of state or country, it could take up to 4 weeks before your bank finds out...
The other possibility of laundering stolen computers is also real. You can protect yourself here, by getting the computers from this person (at no cost to you - person has to pay shipping to you), then take all the serial numbers off them, and give to the police, to have them check any stolen goods reports. If these were stolen from some company, odds are the serial numbers were reported as stolen. You will be clear of any 'stolen goods" charges, as you reported the suspicious goods to the police. In fact, the police, in that case, would probably want to track where the machines came from or where they were going after.

If this person is half way around the country or elsewhere in the world, it is a scam for sure, why would anyone pay so much for shipping when there are always local people to repair computers - in just about every town...
Its a scam using you to fence stolen computers or used laptops bought with stolen credit cards or paypal accts. And never accept payment via money order or certified check, these are almost always fake
Read the scam warnings on Craigslist http://www.craigslist.org/about/scams
Nobody  from minnesota would be looking on your local city craigslist for computer repairs, craigslist is supposed to be for local face to face transactions. He could find someone near him and pay them cash if he wanted his computers repaired. And who that would have 10 computers wouldn't have a corporate IT person or service account?
Its a scam. There are no real laptops involved. The scammer sends you a fake check for more than your price quote. The scammer asks you to use the extra money to pay his shipper. You cash the fake check and send the shipper a legit payment. The scammer makes the profit in the shipping payment while your bank will be calling you and asking for the money from the scammer's fake payment back. If you dont spend any of the money but the shipping cost, your only out that much but if you spend the whole check then you will have to pay that money back. Plus you could be charged with fraud. The scammer isnt worried because the scammer is in a Nigerian internet cafe. the FBI wont go after him. They will go after you. The banks dont care who they get their money back from. They just want their money back.
