how do i get a domain name?
i know you can get them for free SO DONT BOTHER SUGGESTING HOSTING WEBSITES 
i want to know were to get a legit domain name so i dont have to pay every month 
who do company's who host domain names pay?  who does google pay for there domain name? 
:"( i really want to know
o___o
IF GOOGLE BOUGHT FROM THEM THEN WERE DID THEY GET THERE WEBDOMAIN FROM

Google uses http://www.markmonitor.com/, but buying from that website will be very expensive at http://www.internetbs.net/ you can get a domain name for $6.95/year
As far as I know, there is no true website for free. You usually have to pay for the rights to the domain name, and then pay more for hosting on a server. I suggest godaddy.com, they seemed pretty easy when I got mine, although hosting may be cheaper somewhere else.
"i know you can get them for free SO DONT BOTHER SUGGESTING HOSTING WEBSITES"

Wrong, there is no such thing as a free domain name ok. And domain names are not the same thing as hosting. I'm an adult and a web designer. My entire income comes from building websites for others. If there was a way to get free domain names, I'd be a billionaire by now and I would certainly know about it. If you want a domain name, you have to pay. A .com will usually cost around $7 to $8 per year. If you want a website, you have to get hosting too. The domain is the address, it's not the actual site.

Hosting is what you pay monthly for, the Domain you pay yearly. No such thing as free hosting, not for people with REAL websites anyways. Beginners may think it's their site, but's not. It belongs to the free host. So avoid free hosting, and you will never find free domain names.


edit:
Question:
"IF GOOGLE BOUGHT FROM THEM THEN WERE DID THEY GET THERE WEBDOMAIN FROM"

Answer to Question:
ICANN!
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICANN

ICANN are the original source where all domain names come from.
Just  simply reach here http://www.xnynz.com/ To get the Domain Name at low cost.....In there you can also get the affordable hosting plans.
All domain names are managed by a non-profit organization called ICANN. ICANN doesn't sell the domain names themselves, they approve the companies that do. In order to get approved, a company would need to pay the associated fees. Because of this, technically no one can get a free domain name, not even Google.
I seem to be answering these questions a lot lately; and as a web developer and web/graphic designer I must tell you that there is no true way to get a legit web domain for free. There are tons of sites out there that let you rack up points that you can convert into cash for a domain but this is long and titious work and most of the time you will lose the domain after a year if you don't continue racking up those "points" that those sites are offering.

Google, Yahoo, Ask, and many other sites get their domains from ICANN; a non-profit agency, they don't register the domains themselves but approve registrars that pay a mandatory association fee. So in essence people are really paying interest of what a registrar has paid ICANN in order to make up the difference. 

The only domain you can get for free is a subdomain, you can't get a free .com, .org, or .net domain name but there are a few places where you can get them for free http://myadtv.co.cc/180816 <-- check out that link and you will see the kind of free domain you can get for no money at all.

URL redirectors are also free, those like the ones that com from http://www.dot.tk and http://www.smartdots.com believe me that are viable for a short time but when you wanna get serious you gotta cough up the dough.

"i know you can get them for free SO DONT BOTHER SUGGESTING HOSTING WEBSITES "

Actually wrong, a hosting site is the only best bet of getting FREE domain names; if you host with them of course. Some hosting sites even offer free domains for life, this is a rare occurance; but usually if you become a loyal customer to a hosting company; the company will pay for your domain, of course this will stop once you stop hosting with them (or stop paying for your hosting, they can only be so patient)

As a webmaster for going on 11 years you should take this advice and really run with it; find a web host that offers a FREE 1 year domain and become loyal to them, that is the only way for you to get a truly free domain name for whatever use you have for it.
