Are you people able to use proper English?
Almost every question or answer I see on here seems to have been written by some kind of crack monkey first grader.

I want to know - those of you who spell you "u", are "r" and don't seem to know the purpose of an apostrophe, is this stuff you do know how to do, but just don't care to bother with online?  Or do you turn in your papers with that kind of grammar?

Does it take too long to type, or do you think it makes you look cool?

I really just want to know - is the world becoming illiterate, or is it just something people can turn off and on, like manners?
For those of you who think I wasted time typing correctly - I type 100 wpm and would have to think twice about shortening things, so it would actually take longer.

I'm not expecting perfection from everyone, either.  There's just a point where it becomes difficult to decipher, or maybe that's just me, because I'm such a NERD! :)

I'd rather that their English skills were lacking than if they used terms like "crack monkey".

Just sayin'.
Good question. This often annoys me too, and I'll be watching this to see other peoples answers.
I think its a bit pretentious to use perfect grammar and syntax on the internet, who cares? We all passed fourth grade and learned about conjunctions, contractions, and how to write in cursive, but no one does that anymore either.
I could not agree with you more. Some of the postings are almost a page long and not a capital letter or paragraph in the whole lot. I am sure grammar is better taught than is displayed by the writers on this site.
LuLz n0 wai w3 c@nt $p3ll @t @ll!!!11!!
well i dont write U  or  R  but i can say you are bit tooo hype with that...i mean shit yahoo answers or  myspace  or fuckin youtube or whatever you people go on aint no damn college essay..and im sure if it were people know the difference between important shit and not so important shit...if you wanna write proper all the time then do so..but other people may not want too...i dont write shit like "lol or lmfao or omg" but im sure in some part of your life you have..and dont you havent cause most people dont mi i dont but thats mi but alot of people on here ive seen do...isnt that the same thing??? its just a shorter way of writing..you really did waste your time by writing such a dum question
Is always important to use proper grammar. Especially when there's people from all over the world reading this.   Love the " crack monkey first grader " term.
I think manners could be put to the test in your question since you seem to be hypocritical. It is unthoughtful and rude of you to assume that because people decide to answer questions in short quick answers by abbreviation they are incompetent "crack monkey first graders" of proper grammar. Benefit of the doubt is what will help in life. I respond with letters and numbers because you can understand it just the same and I can respond to questions quicker and more efficiently. There is no point to typing out a proper grammatical response when you receive the same information from a response written in have the time and length. So if you are going to start nagging on people (including those who are students and teachers using proper grammar all day) then you should have a stronger argument then this childish complaint. 

 i hope u can take @ least sumthin 4 urself from this.
KC - Nice one. Trying to sound capable of intelligence and still screwing it up. Have the time? Spell checker doesn't check grammar.

Anne M - My sister had to correct her child's English teacher because she didn't know the difference between "to" and "too".

TeAmoPapi<3 - I'm sure you'll become CEO of something one day. I'm guessing a rap music label. The reason why writing correctly is important is because no one can understand what you are trying to say. While it may take you less time to write, it takes me more time to decipher. And her question was answered by you. You really are incapable of writing better.
Its just a way to type what you want faster, kind of like texting on a phone, i think thats were it started on and some people like typing like that. I do it sometimes when i dont fill like typing so much. Most people that do this is not stupid and most people do think it looks cool.
Not everyone in life can type 60WPM, I am lucky if I can do 30WPM. I tend to abbreviate to keep the conversations at a similar pace.
