free sms sites ?????????????
i want to send an sms "free of cost" in dubai or uae.......any sites tht provide this FREE facility
whn i say FREE, its mean free of cost....no cash or credit cards

way2sms.com
160by2.com
There are five ways to send free sms to dubai(united arab emirates), below you will find all the 5 way process to send free sms. Some people says that sending free sms from internet from any part of the world it not possible but if you search it properly and you will get it. I have searched to various websites and gather them in one post and may be is future you will find more website to send free sms worldwide.

Here are the website to send free sms to dubai.

1)Mobyko - http://www.mobyko.co.uk/

Mobyko is the simple and easy way to safely store and manage your mobile numbers safely and securely online for FREE, you can access them anywhere in the world 24/7. If your phone is lost or stolen you have complete piece of mind that your contacts are safe and can be transferred to your new handset with a few simple clicks. It¡¯s quick and easy to set up, no wires, no software downloads, no techie stuff, no fuss. Mobyko users can also SMS from their desktop, store & share mobile pictures, videos and texts as well as download exclusive content. Mobyko is device and operator independent and supports most UK mobile phones as well worldwide.

2)UClubme.com - http://www.uclubme.com/

In Uclubme you will get wallpapers, themes, pictures, ringtone, jokes sms, media, clips and so on. What Uclubme gives to all members to send free sms to dubai and UAE only, you can only send 1 or 2 sms to UAE people for free in 24 hours. You can also download wallpapers, themes, clips and all directly to your mobile and this website is only for UAE people you can not use for worldwide. If you want to give gift your mate or family in dubai, can give gifts of ringtone, joke sms, funny clips or so on.

You can send free sms to dubai through UClubme.com from any part of the world if you are already register with an unique dubai's mobile number. If not you tell you mate or family member in dubai to register for you and take all the neccesary things like username and password. After registering, to send free sms you have to go to My club and select send sms.

3)Freesms.net- http://www.freesms.net/Default.aspx?ReturnUrl=%2ffreesms%2ffreesms.aspx

In freesms.net you can send free sms almost anywhere in the world that means free sms worldwide like london, new york, united kingdom, united state of america, canada, austrilia, india, srilanka, bangladesh, pakistan, dubai, united arab emirates and many more.

There is a catch to it, you can only send free sms worldwide up 2 per 24 hours and you might may be thinking that why only 2 per day. Think if every one in the world send sms to their family and friends worldwide than how they will give us free service. Freesms.net get money from the advertiser to make up there cost and that is how they are giving us the free service. I think 2 sms per day is really worth because specially I use for emergency purpose not regular daily basis.

4)Wadja - http://www.wadja.com/home.aspx

Wadja.com is social network like facebook, hi5, myspace. I don't have explain you what is social network because every one knows it who uses internet. Wadja give free sms worldwide only to members of it.

How does it work. Wadja provide the service of free sms only to member to member mobiles not like freesms.net where you can send any where in the worldwide. You have to register in wadja and to whom you want send sms he/she have to register on it and you both have to verify your mobile number and you can send many sms every day, it is limited.

5)Rummble - http://www.rummble.com/
Rummble.com is extractly like wadja.com who provide free sms only to members to member. There is nothing much to explain about it

You can send free sms to dubai or anywhere through this great websites. Let me break how many u can send every day. In mobyko you can only send 10 to 15 sms, after you have finished it you have to buy the credit to send sms. In Uclubme.com you can only send 1 to 2 sms per day and in freesms.net as well. In rummble and wadja there is limited amount of sending sms to members to members per day.
http://www.mobyko.co.uk/
http://www.uclubme.com/
http://www.freesms.net/freesms.aspx
http://www.wadja.com/
http://www.rummble.com/
Sorry but it's amazing to me how somebody is happy to spend heaps of time searching the web for a "free" facility just to avoid paying just 50 cents or so to send a normal overseas SMS
You can try
http://voipsms.blogspot.com
It,s  free:
http://free-text-message-from-pc.blogspot.com/
