Is lockerz for real? Can I get laptops?
If so, invite me pl0x

I have 50 points on Lockerz but i havnt been able to purchase a prize as they are always out of stock, points are easy to get prizes are not.
go to my profile and message me your email :)
i think it's pretty legit, and it does have some nice and entertaining videos and features, message me with your email and i can invite you, really the way to tell if lockerz is legit is to invite 20 people, then you're supposed to get a free t-shirt, i haven't gotten 20 people invited yet, but if I do, and if I get my t-shirt, I'll let you know, Btw on points2shop, it's really not that easy to earn points, and the links they give you are they're referral links so when you earn points, they will, sure having me invite you to lockerz will benefit me too, but I'm gonna be honest about it, you can sign onto points2shop just go to their website and you still get the 250 points, but I personally think prize rebel is a better prize site, you still have to do annoying offers, but you can use their points on any website and their own website, I could give you my referral link to get there, but that would be taking advantage of you without your knowledge, oh well, hey but if you do get on lockerz and get to 20 invites before i do, can you tell me if it works, and what site you went to where people sent your invites? well hope this answer kinda help you, sure idk if it's 100 % legit, but i just told you about the other websites people are suggesting to you too
It¡¯s a scam. I was a member of lockerz for 3 months and never got a thing. I ordered an ipod nano and it NEVER came. I called the company and asked them to give me a refund but they would not do it. Don't trust them it¡¯s a scam! I found points2shop and its way better.

Points2shop is by far the best site for earning free cash/prizes. I've been a member of all the get free stuff websites: Prizerebel, Swagbucks, Lockerz, Rewards1, and cashcrate. They were all really hard to earn points on. It was very time consuming. And I never got anything from those sites.

If I were you I'd go to points2shop. You can earn points so easily on points2shop by completing offers, surveys, playing games, or simply by clicking on links! It¡¯s that easy! I just received an ipod nano from points2shop in the mail last month. You get all your prizes directly off amazon.com, which makes shopping for prizes a lot easier because amazon has every item you could possibly want. 

Points2shop is best, fastest, and easiest site for getting free stuff. Best of all Points2shop is 100% free.If you need to know more information you can check their forums where members post the things that they have received for earning points on the points2shop website below.

The only way to get 250 free bonus points is by going to the link below and signing up.

http://www.points2shop.com/?ref=salibu
