Windows has given me the choice of internet browser, which one is the best?
Windows has given me the choice of internet browser, which one is the best? The microsoft Internet Explorer is the one I have used for years, but in the past, I remember there were many to choose from, So which one will you choose and why?

I like chrome and safari. They are fast, user friendly and have all the features I need. Opera is also really good. I recommend you try out Google chrome. It's fast, simple to use and get's the job done. I love it.

http://www.google.com/chrome
I use Firefox  its far more versatile and less prone to viral attacks than IE
firefox
they didnt give you it, they were forced to! seems to have improved internet explorer on mine for some reason (wonder why? lol)

i downloaded a few

Kmeleon seems to be quite fast in loading
maxthon2 i didnt like
Sleipnir  i didnt like
Safari is very fast browsing, you'll see a huge diffrence with this and kmeleon in browsing speed.
Google chrome loads fast and has a good browsing speed
Firefox is pretty good, but can slow after a while.
Opera is okay

just download a few adn see what you profer, you can delete them later if you dont like them.
the only isses that there are with some browsers is compatability, some sites will only work on internet explorer (like 4od) and some plugins will not work, but this should be resolved now that microsoft have loosened there grip on the browser market.

Edit_
had safari, firefox and google chrome befor they issued the microsoft message, there more reliable then the others, firefox you probably wont get as much compatability issues with some sites. and it has a lot of useful plugins!
Internet Explorer is good.  Works well with most content. (There should be people on here that will immediately start hating Internet Explorer no matter what.)

Opera is too.  Loved the UI for years.  Looks very clean. Other browser finally caught up.  Would like a little more control over some options.

Firefox is ok.  Have had a little trouble displaying pages correctly.

There's also Avant Browser, but I've never used it.  Supposed to be based off of Internet Explorer.
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome. Both are faster than I.E. and more stable, plus you can view You Tube and Google Maps, whereas with I.E. you cant.
WHY av a choice,sure u can make ur own mind up !. Y dont u go on the web sites 1st,like the companys wat r listed below ?. R send text,s msg,s 2 ur friends,relatives,work coluages,mates,girl friends,naighbours etc.Send E-mails aswell !.
try some f these web sites :-
I have used google chrome, Internet explorer, safari, opera, and firefox.
Google chrome is best for simplicity and speed. It is also best if you go on YouTube slot or gmail or any other google service.
Safari is great for it's organization and stability.
Firefox is great because it has a mature set of plug-ins and is very secure.
If you are great with computers go with firefox because otherwise you won't benefit from the great selection of plug-ins that they have. Firefox is not hard to use but if you are just using it for the browsing and do not care about the plug-ins, then choose a different browser. Also, firefox and IE are best for toolbars so go with firefox if you use toolbars a lot.
If you want to go on YouTube, gmail, google docs, google calendar, or any other google service and a little bit of eye candy, go with chrome. Google chrome is also the fastest web browser and has a very attractive design. It also has the most screen room of any of the browsers. Also, google chrome has only one bar at the time to make both searches and type in web addresses, making it simpler and easier to use.
If you don't care about google services and aren't good with computers go with safari. Safari is very stable and a very stylish browser. It has great placement for bookmarks and top sites.
I would reccommend that you try these browsers out. They are free and cannot hurt you.?
I use Mozilla Fox because I don't have my own computer & that's the only choice on this computer.

It's great for us because we have a crappy dial up connection which drops out now & again. With fox when this happens it starts back up exactly where you were, apparently others don't.
