Cricket Broadband 3g?
I just purchased the Cricket Broadband plan of $40 a month. My question is this:
They told me at the store that it was 3 gigs a month, what happens if I use that before my month is out? Do I go ahead and pay again? Or does it just stop, or is it unlimited like I've heard?

Any help would be great, I just want to know if I can download movies and music or if I should just stick to surfing the web. Thanks!

3 gigs  there referring to the speed of the internet so you good, you can download surf the web all you wont each month just as long as you pay your bill.
Its not your connection speed. You have a bandwidth limit of 3Gigs per month. I too have Cricket and I was told a 5Gig limit. Ive read online others have been told a 2.5Gig limit. I dont know if this varies by region or if Cricket is just that much of a mess.

I have no idea how much usage it takes to reach 3Gigs but if you do reach it before the month is up Cricket will slow down your connection speed until the month is up. Once youve paid for the next month the clock starts over (supposedly) and you have a new 3Gigs until the next month. Your clock starts over on the date your payment is due even if youve paid in advance. It has nothing to do with payment. Its strictly a monthly limit.

So you do have unlimited access but if your usage exceeds 3Gigs a month bandwidth your speed will be cut drastically. Apparently their network isnt good enough to support all that high speed access.

I hope your experience is better than mine. It was fair for 40 days or so. It was never fast enough to watch video like they show in their tv commercials. After 40 days though it dropped to a crawl speed. I can barely access my text emails, I get pages timing out and many pages dont load fully without 3 or 4 tries. I have 3 connection bars so they said my signal was good. I spent 3 days trying to get hold of tech support. Kept being put on hold for half an hour then a message says please call back later. Finally got through. After an hour tech support couldnt figure it out and told me to call back later. I went to the store and they couldnt fix it. Im checking other providers now. Im dumping Cricket soon as I can. I live in Chicago. I cant imagine how service is in smaller cities.

I suspect they keep customers on high speeds for thirty days because during that time you can get a full refund. They dont want that. Once thirty days pass they cut your speed regardless of your usage to conserve bandwidth on their inferior network.

Cricket isnt new. Theyve been in business a long time but theyve had several name changes. Maybe they change names after many customers get ticked off at them. Try to start over with a name no one knows. Its horrible.
