What web browser do you use?
I've used Firefox for years but have started experimenting with Chrome, Safari, and Opera.  Do you use the same browser for everything or several for different purposes.
Thanks for the replies.  Yeah, I'm liking Chrome too but worried about all the data which Google gather and keep.  I'll be experimenting with Opera this week.  I use Safari at work but that's on a Mac.
Hmm, it isn't going well with Opera.  Stuff not working properly on too many sites I use all the time.  I'd even prefer IE to this :(
Opera has been uninstalled.  Wasn't impressed.  Though it does do a much better job on my Blackberry.  Will be using Safari over the next few days but just now it's looking like a combo of Firefox and Chrome.

Same browser for years; Mozilla Firefox.
In order of use
Safari, Chrome, Firefox
Firefox. I would be lost without extensions and greasemonkey scripts.
Google chrome, its the best and only getting better. its way faster than all of the others plus fully customizable with all kinds of goodies. chrome also supports almost every websites weather it be flash, videos, pictures, ect....
Firefox on my desktop, Opera on my laptop.
Firefox. Never had a need to try  Opera, Chrome, or Safari. Not even interested.
I use all browsers, but my favorite are Mozilla Firefox, IE8 and Chrome, I don't like using Safari on Windows.

I do some web developments and the reasons I use all browsers available is to make sure site that I make works with most popular browsers. 

Main browser now and Default is mostly Mozilla Firefox, why it has spell checker built in, it has lots of web development tools addons
FireFox
google chrome cause its fast and you can add pretty themes to it :)
I used to use Firefox, but once I'd started playing last.fm radio, playing a game, using email and reading some other pages, every time I went to another tab when I returned to the first tab the page had gone blank.

So I started using Chrome, and I never looked back. I've tried Safari, Opera (and Internet Explorer) but none of them are as simple and easy to use as Chrome. I like it because it just gets you where you want to go really fast, no messing around. The only problem I do have is when I'm in a chat on Y!Mail, it rarely makes a beep sound (which Firefox used to do) when I get a message.

PS: As I'm so pleased with Chrome, I can't wait for Chrome OS!
I use Chrome and beacuse when i used other browsers i get allot of different problems.
On Safari its laggy
On IE8 i can't download stuff
On Firefox its very laggy
On Opera it was perfect just slow sometimes

Chrome = THE BEST
FireFox For Downloading Videos

Flock For Surfing The Web
Firefox, Chrome, IE...
Hi I use firefox 3.6.But also keep internet explorer as some programs use it by default.
Yeah..hmm i like Safari..its preety awesome with all the eye candy! chrome is also good but they collect all your data and info and track what you do on the web.
Firefox is also awesome.It's like the Swiss Army Knife of the Internet
So basically use Safari and Firefox. Plain awesomeness
Chrome is all hype..Don't use it..
I'm all into web browsers..so you can count on me ;-)
Mozilla Firefox.
Mozilla is defintiely my favourite
I use internet explorer the other stuff for me comes with  too many problems or difficulties dealing with security. It's a very simple web browser.
i'm mainly using safari (with win7)
