Whats the cheapest way to get internet?
My cable provider wants to charge me $55 but I know I can get it cheaper than that. DSL maybe? What's the cheapest way?
Thanks

Leech it baby!
Camp outside a starbucks
Use GPRS from Mobile. Its cheap but speed is not good.
Most Service Providers have an internet lite package that will reduce your downloads and uploads to a degree....

It is cheaper and unless you are a nut for downloading and uploading, you will stay within their range for lite...I know I do and I am on my computer alot due to my interests with mega pages open which counts for downloads...also have 2 laptops on my network for others in my house...who knows what they do...but according to my provider, I am within limits.

I personally do not like DSL...not a direct connection like Cable.... and is harder on routers.  Since changing to Cable, my router is operating very very well.  Prior to this, I had DSL problems due to the fact it is not s direct connection.  The worst was when Bell pulled my card in error and I could do nothing about it until Bell complied to the request by my Service Provider....took 5 weeks and many phone calls...heck I called and wrote complaint letters etc..... In that time I had to buy a 56k modem
It was cheap and my service provider provided it for free but I was spoiled with hi speed and hated the 5 weeks. 

One other thing to note... Service Providers of DSL will offer reduced packages, yes, but eventually they go back up to the same levels as Bell (the host company for DSL Providers).  Put it this way...they want your business and they all have to pay Bell but it is a timed savings.  You get what you pay for and really there is no difference price wise for DSL and Cable if you take the discounted service providers out of the equation...  I was in a spiral of changing DSL providers frequently, hence never setup email with a service provider. I had one DSL Service Provider fight with me about my service going down...saying it was not them, but me.  As I am a techie, I was dismayed and cancelled on the spot...so Cable is it for me....very little downtime or problems since.

I hope this information helps you.
