What's the best way to join a general redemption on Lockerz as fast as possible?
do i just wait by the computer every day? when are they going to have the next general redemption?

Well, check out www.lockerzshare.in they have a countdown to the next restock, and 50% of the time they are right. The chat there gets VERY active (I'm the only mod, lol) maybe to about 50 people so you they get a head start on the restocks. Go and see!

But I would try points2shop. It's a great site for getting console points/money in a little while. I've just ordered like ?100 ($150) to my paypal, and before I recieved 2000 wii points. This is all within a week, and it's all legit! (You can chat with other members in a shoutbox to see how good it is.) You get money/points for completing surveys, playing games, winning competitions/lotteries and of course, referring people. Some people have even got over $1000 on there!

http://cashlecomearn4.tk/
you can use http://www.lockerzalerts.com, they send you a free sms message whenever there is a redemption at lockerz, you just need to subscribe!
Well, most likely Lockerz will tell its members what week the redemption is going to happen. However, they will still probably keep the actual date and time secret. If you really want a good chance at redeeming, you should buckle down and sit at the computer and refresh every 1-2 minutes. There is that option of signing up for a site that messages you when Lockerz restocks, but I wouldn't recommend it. Those sites have no better clue compared to us when the redemption is going to happen. When they do find out, which would consume a few minutes, they would have to message millions of people. That would create a delay of 5 or more minutes. By then, the stock might all be gone. 

Its not so bad sitting at the computer refreshing. Here are some tips: 

-Don't start refreshing until they post the rules on the hallway. That way you won't waste hours checking. They always restock a few hours after they post the rules
-Put on a good movie or TV show and check back every once in a while
-Have some snacks prepared, you don't want to miss the restock while making lunch

If you need some more info on Lockerz then the site below can help. The site below offers a useful FAQ that might answer more questions. The site below also fills you up with tips and explains Lockerz in deeper detail.
