having trouble with firefox browser.?
I decided to download the Firefox browser and try it after hearing all these raves about it and so far,I am NOT impressed.
It freezes or hangs up or what ever you want to call it, all the time.
It will start to load a new page, then I get the "well this is embarrassing...." 
I have uninstalled it and re-installed.  I have followed all the trouble shooting advice on the Firefox page.
I empty the cache daily.
What am I missing??
Well, Bilal dear, I had 3.what ever and it worked crappy too so I upgraded to 3.6 and thats not any better.
Tony: I downloaded 3.5 and and later 3.6 from the Mozilla site and both worked the same, choppy, hang all the time, just terrible. 
sigh.
I was just hoping I was missing a step and could fix things.
I do like the way it looked when it worked.

Nothing. Your computer may not be suited for Firefox. You seem to have done everything right.
well dear all u need is a v3.5 version of firefox.it will work
download a different version from another website like mozilla or download.com.

sounds like you got a bad install file 

the file may of gotten damage from a download or may of been damage from the start.
Some systems do not work with firefox.
I reckon you should unistall it and download google chrome.
If you still have internet explorer download this if not.
Go to my computer right click and tick address bar. Then copy and paste this url on the address bar.

Google chrome
http://www.google.com/chrome
1A.  Is your PC a windows operating system? #1B.  If its X.P, you'll probably still have problems with I E 8. as your default browser.  #2 Have you update your Java & Flash software lately?  #3 Have you changed your Internet Options and made Fire Fox your default browser.  If that doesn't help, All I can suggest is make friends with someone in the military and have them take to the firing range as a practice target of either grenade or mortar to dispose of the Evidence of ever having owned a Windows PC. Just Kidding about the very last part, Lol.

Good fortune,

Bill S
