something seems fishy, ebay.. help?
i won a sub off ebay, for anyone who knows subs its a re audio mx 12. i got a heck of a deal too. 172.50 shipped with a ported probox. before i paid i was on a trip out of state and he contacted me (im guessing i have my number public somewere on ebay?) and started talking about how good the sub is and how i was going to pay since he didnt know how to use paypal. he ended up saying just pay though paypal and he'll figure it out. so 2 days later when i got back i paid him using my debit card

this is what he sends me
Ok- so here is the situation- not knowing exactly how paypal worked I figured I would use the money i received from you to in turn pay for the shipping of the item (roughly 50 dollars). I never intended on selling this sub, but times are hard right now and I really needed the money-(I don't have fifty dollars) come to find out paypal has a money hold policy to where I can't access the money UNTIL I do one of two things- 1. send the item to you and have it confirmed or something or 2. recieve positive feedback.
I did a little research and I found that they put a hold on the money for 21 days- or a couple days after positive feedback is given. So heres what I am going to do- I am going to spend all day tommorow trying to come up with the money just to get it in the mail- but I cant promise I will be able to get 50 dollars that quickly- i have no job, no home, no income. thats why I sold this sub. this is ENTIRELY up to you but it is an idea- if you left possitive feedback for me- it would clear the hold and then i would be able to send it right away. I want to get this beast to you as soon as possible but i didnt expect paypal to have a hold placed on the funds- smart idea though, insures the customer gets what they paid for- but blindsides the people relying on that money to pay for shipment. ugh- im sorry this is all so complicated- I will do my best to send it as soon as possible- but if you leave possitive feedback i can send it even sooner (seeing as how its nearly impossible to come up with just enough money to put in my gas tank.) I'm extremly sorry for the inconvience. feel free to contact me by phone- ********* and we can talk about the whole situation. 

so instead of messing up my transaction i just gave him positive feedback and this is what he sent back
Thank you for your understanding- the funds are being transfered to my bank account- so it will take me 2-4 days MAXIMUM to send the sub- a friend of mine owes me some money so I'll probably ask him to help me send it sooner- But thank you for your feedback- it removed the hold and now I have the means neccisary to send this monster to you. Really I am just waiting on paypal to send the funds to my bank account- and from there I can withdraw the money and pay to have it shipped. I promise ya bud- with the right amp- this thing is insane.

should i be concerned? and if he doesnt send the sub what are my options? does he seem legit? i have alot of experience of buying through ebay but i dont have the slightest clue of what its like to sell on ebay and the process.
he didnt have any feedback as a seller as this was his first item. what makes me not jump to conclutions is that his has 2 feedback as a buyer and one of those you can see the item, its a 18" solo x that he bought a while back and is now selling too.

what should i do, with steps (please) if he doesnt respond in couple of days. i was thinking about calling him trying to straitening this all out but he might hang up and that would be the end of that.

eBay is pretty good about getting you your money back, and so is paypal.  If he doesn't have a tracking number for you in the next 3 days I'd open a case.
You just cheated yourself out of the payment through PayPal being guaranteed.  You have been scammed and you will be the luckiest man alive to get your order.  

You having left that positive feedback was what screwed up your being able to properly make a claim.  I'm not sure, but I think you can't make a claim that you didn't recieve an item after positive feedback is left.  I may be wrong though.

My prediction is that he will clean out and close hisPayPal; account before you get to make a claim.
Well, it would have been nice if he told you all that before you bought it. But that is history now. If I were you, I would not have left him positive feedback. NEVER DO THAT. At least not until you have gotten the item and tested it. In any event, paypal has a thing where you are covered on your purchases and if he does not send it, you can open a claim with paypal and ebay to try and recover the money. Did you check his feedback ratings before you bought this thing? in the future, you should do that, it helps with seeing if the seller is legit. Personally, I do not buy anything unless the seller has a 99%-100% feedback rating, and I read them. Helps with avoiding situations like this later. I would send him an email and let him know that if he does not send it within 5 days, that you will open a claim against him. Also, see if he can ship it with a tracking number so you can track it. When Paypal puts a hold on funds, this is just extra security to make sure the seller sends the item, and the buyer gets it. It is true that if he shipped it and provided a tracking number to paypal,, they would release the money once you got it, but he has circumvented that. Just be careful in the future. But basically, if he just played you, you can go through paypal. Good luck.
I think you should be concerned, yes.
did you check his feedback? if he has low number of feedback's,

if he came up with any excuse, and didn't show a proof that the goods were shipped, you have to fill a case with paypal immediately
Wow, you can write a new soap opera based on an Ebay transaction. I want to see what happens in the next episode. Sorry to make light of your situation. I've sold for many years and have never heard anything like this. It doesn't sound good for you. What was his seller rating, this system isn't perfect but it's good to be skeptical. You know it's a balancing act to use healthy skepticism and yet not chase a buyer or seller away. I would like to know how this goes, I hope it goes well but if not please contact Ebay and get this guy out of the mix.
