What is thedifference in wireless internet and wifi?
Well i have a wireles router at home but my iphone wont connect to it but when i am at like starbucks it works, is there a diference in the wireles internet and wifi

wifi is a wireless modem/router access to the internet which is usually some sort of privat network or even in a business like starbucks.
wireless internet is a phone company device which acts as a modem and directly connect your device to the web, and can be anywhere cell service works.
as for your home network, you need ot look at the settings in your router/modem as there are plenty which could be limiting your access, from 'only allow connections from list'( a mac address listing which limits who can connect to your network), to encryption protocols and passwords or assigned addresses.
No, your wireless at home IS WiFi.  You are not connecting to it properly, there is most likely a WEP security encryption on your home WiFi.  You need to program your IPhone to work with it.
wifi is wireless internet.
and you probably have either a very new wifi standard in youtr router or a very old one so the Iphone doesnt support it.
wireless- you can get connection anywhere
wi-fi- you have to hook up to a network to get connection
Im pretty sure wifi requires a "hot spot" like a radius about a router and wireless internet is what someones phone may have that allows them to connect whenever, wherever.
Wifi is at home,wireless internet relates to phones and al that.Remember,for wifi sometimes you need WEP,(I think it means Wireless Encryption Protocol.)
Hope This Helped!
Hi Nathan

Well WiFi is a networking standard;
when you use WiFi you are connecting to something called a Wireless Access Point or (WAP)
this is then connected to the "internet" via wires and cables.
Your "WAP" is your Home router, which has a range of about  30 -90 Meters

Your Computer <--WiFi--> WAP (Wireless Access Point) <--Cables--> "The internet"

WiFi is the connection between your computer and the WAP by using radio waves

hope this helps

Sy

Nine-tenths of wisdom consists in being wise in time. - Theodore Roosevelt
