Lockerz Next Prize Redemption?
When is the next lockerz.com redemption?
How often is it that they do prize redemptions for lockerz?

Twice a year, next one is Dec 21st!
it is all a scam you will never win anything. 
cancel your account.
I do not like lockerz, I am not a member,  however I have watched their members on their facebook wall and everyone was complaining that there were no gifts. Every person I talked to says it is a scam.
My suggestion is to sign up for swagbucks if you want to earn money for searching, I did my ahomework and researched the site. It is legitimate and rewarding. I signed up for it about 3 months ago. Unlike lockerz, swagbucks makes it easy to earn bucks and more importantly redeemable bucks.
My favorites are the $5 amazon cards and $5 payapl credit.
I have signed up about 3 months ago and have $25 in my amazon account and I am not a heavy user. I am also saving for christmas shopping on amazon this year.. (Do not like Mall crowds :))
Here is a link to sign up:
http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/hnks
They have redemption's once a month. They are not announced just random and they last only about 30 seconds. Tho Its true you can win prizes. No viruses and its not a scam. Just very hard to win prizes. But redemption days are random. Not announced. And they only last about 30 seconds. They are supposed to launch a Lockerz store  where prizes are available all the time but for 4x the price. So just collect points now and wait till then.


Just a suggestion is to try Swagbucks. Its also a very legit free prize site. Its just like google. But searching on swagbucks search engine you randomly win swagbucks good for many things in the swagstore. You can earn swagbucks many ways- searching, swagcodes, and offers. Ive made over $100 in amazon.com gift cards. Try it out and stay active!-    http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/Rundee
They choose a random dates for the redemption's I suggest you to use LockerzAlerts - http://www.lockerzalerts.com  service , they will send you text message to your mobile phone when the redemption occurs ! its also FREE !
