Which one is better: blogger or tumblr?
RIght now, I have a blog at desktoporganizers.blogspot.com. But, I know a lot more people who are using tumblr. Is tumblr more popular than blogger?

1. Which site is better, in general? 

2. What are the differences and similarites? 

3. Which one would be better for my blog?

Thanks :D

In my opinion blogger is better its also easier to use. its better because things are easier to find on google when you search for things in your blogs area (so its easier to be known faster) =)
I prefer Tumblr to Blogger. I'm not a big fan of Blogger. 

Tumblr has a cleaner and more user-friendly design than Blogger. Its approach is more minimalist and is for people who appreciate simplicity.

Blogger has more features (widgets) but if you want more widgets, I would go with the self-hosted WordPress rather than Blogger. But you don't seem to be using that many widgets at this point.

Tumblr is more community oriented in my opinion. People can follow you and see your posts on their dashboard and vice versa.  You can "like" or "reblog" posts from other blogs. There is a new feature to allow replies from people you follow and allow replies from people following you for more than two weeks. You can also add a comment field using Disqus: http://disqus.com/comments/tumblr/
You should read online about the social aspect of Tumblr to increase your popularity.

I think Tumblr might work for you because your posts are short. You could create a page for your instructions and try to find people with similar interests to engage with and increase your popularity. Your site would look "cleaner" I think. I'm not sure how popular the subject of your site would be with the Tumblr community. Why not try it and see how it goes? You can keep your blogger account and decide which one you keep later on. The two might actually complement one another. One for the Internet at large and one for a more specific community.

Here is an example of someone who uses Tumblr to feature wallpapers:
http://wallpapersahoy.tumblr.com/
I use tumblr and i think it's way better.  It's easier and cleaner and everyone I know who used blogger,  switched to tumblr when they say how much better it was.  I'd give tumblr a try and see if you like it.  It may take a few minutes to get used to but i think its 100 times better than blogger.  I hated blogger when i had it.

http://danninicole.tumblr.com/
