I NEED HELP! DONT WANT TO GET IN TROUBLE!?
hey my parents think im on the computer way to much. and my dad said he can go on aol and see all the websites I go on, and how i long i was on them. and you see i was bored one time and typed in random websites ( not from google) and i typed in a website and a video came up it was black so i couldn't see anything then it said click to watch video and i clicked it. then 3 more websites came up? and i was like okay? and then i realized it was porn! i was like OMG ew! then i minimised them and took a shower. then i came back and hit x after my shower. The next day right when i signed on to my laptop the websites came up automaticly and i usually just minimize them i dont know why i just have a habbitt of minimising it then just hitting x. well i don't want to get in trouble for going on porn websites so i went to tools then went to delete all computer history and i deleted all of it. but can he still find out from aol? please help im really young and dont want my parents to think wrong of me.!

delete your history or delete your browser and re-install...
Just go into Internet Options then click delete cookies history and web browser that should do it... good luck!
Delete your internet History, Cookies, Search History, and Cache, then run a anti virus to make sure none of those websites put a virus on your computer
Hey just delete history and cookies and your dad wont be able to see what websites you hv been too. And for the windows popping up, you should install some spyware protection programs or make sure your firewall is on.Good luck
Perhaps honesty is the best policy.

If you're "really young" and your parents are letting you use your computer unsupervised, hiding what's happened isn't really repaying that trust.

Just be honest, you don't know how it happened, you clicked on something you thought was a normal site and it turned out to be porn and you're telling them because they deserve that respect.
honesty is the best policy dude. just tell your parents you accidentally went to a bad site and if they don't trust you say they can put parental controls on your account that would block stuff like porn for the most part. Mac osx and window vista and above have that built in and software like safe eyes adds to that security. also you should install a pop up blocker. And even with deleting your browsing history there are still a lot of ways to find out where you've been if your parents are tech savvy
I agree with Duffy & Greg.  Ask your Dad if  you can talk to him.  If you're worried about his reaction choose a neutral location for the talk.  (An outing some place away from home).  After you explain what happened you won't have it hanging over your head.  Your Dad may even give you credit for coming to him and wanting to talk.  (Don't forget to tell him that you really care about your parents' opinion of you and that you don't want to lose their respect).  I think you'll feel better after you talk about it.  Be glad you have a parent who cares.
