Is 000space any good?
I'm thinking about alternative web hosting for my tutorial site, and I'm just wondering how good 000space is. The ratings on free-webhosts.com were disabled, so I'm not sure what to compare it to. Also, does it have an inactivity limit? I didn't see this on their site...

Please don't recommend any paid services. I've been using free services to build up traffic for my brand and I'm not ready to invest money in it yet. I really could care less if it's five dollars or even one dollar. No means no.
Guys, I specifically told you I need free. I'm specifically using free services until I get enough traffic to warrant an upgrade. I'm not stupid. I won't pay for something I don't need.

Hi,

Don't go for free web hosting.They are not reliable..

I would recommend "Web Hosting Pad" for your Web Hosting because it's cheap and very reliable.Their web hosting plan comes with FREE domain. Their support service is awesome. This company offers site building tools, application vault, web mail, antivirus, Php, MysQL ,e-commerce and hosts unlimited websites in one plan.  Check out personal reviews direct from the users here :

http://top50webhosting.org
They are very bad. Try www.oceanwalker.org much better!
To be quite honest, their stats look very good but in my experience the ones that may look good in the beginning are very bad in the end. I've never used 000space; I currently use 000webhost and they are the best thing I have ever come across as far as free hosting goes.

I've been coding and managing websites for 10 years so I know a good service when I see it, try out 000webhost and see what it can do for your endeavors.
http://www.000webhost.com/224273.html

P.S I am so glad that you put in your Additional Details that you are looking for FREE because I see so many of these questions and yet people still provide answers to things the asker wasn't even looking for.
Hello. I dont know about 000space to be honest.

I would SERIOUSLY suggest http://www.000webhost.com/247474.html Then go to the Free Hosting column and click Order Now, then follow the instructions

FREE and easy.
Try Dot easy web hosting it is a very good service and they offer very good free web hosting in their basic package and under basic hosting you get

100Mb of Hosting Storage
1 Gb of Data Transfer
10 E-mail accounts,10 Add on Domain,10 Sub Domains 
10 Parked Domains plus a lot of other really good features including A  website creator tool and others.

I highly recommend it.
