Can you give me 3 hosting companies that accept Paypal as payment?
I don't own (yet) a credit card and I want to register a website and host it somewhere. I have a Paypal account (with NO credit card linked to it). It is a verified account.

I live outside the US.

If I try a Paypal payment with let's say 'GoDaddy', they do ask that my paypal account be linked to a credit card (or to an US debit card).

So I need at least 3 good companies that can register my domains and/or host them and will accept a payment like Paypal (paypal transfer). I need some good solutions.

Just refer to:
http://www.threehosts.com/providers

There you can reach the three reputable companies that are leaders in the E-commerce web hosting industry. They all accept paypal payments.

Hope this helped.
Go with either Dreamhost or Hostgator. Both accept paypal as a payment option.

Both will give you the best support of any hosting company around Dreamhost is employee owned, so they seem like they truly care about thier customers. Hostgator has awsome support. I have accounts with Dreamhost, Godaddy, Hostgator, and Justhost. Withouth a doubt, of all those Dreamhost and Hostgator by far have been the best.

I have had no downtime on any of my sites and thier support is great. Dreamhost also offers a 100% uptime guarantee and they even have a $97 day money back guarantee if you decide you dont like them. If you are truly

Both have a great webpanel for maintaining and keeping stats on your site. Hostgator uses cPanel, which is one of the top site config and management software available. Dreamhost has their own in house software they designed, which is super easy to use and they offer great support for it.

I would say Dreamhost is slightly better than Hostgator, but they will both treat you great and offer one on one help in case you run into problems, whereas some of the big companies, ie godaddy are terrible to deal with as i mentioned earlier.

Here are some Dreamhost coupon codes in case you decide to try them:

20OFFHOSTING ($20 Off Hosting Package)
2DOMFREE (2 Additional Free Domain Names with Signup)
1IPFORFREE (Get 1 Free Lifetime Unique IP)
65OFFHOSTING ($65 Off 1 Year Hosting Package)

Here are some coupons for Hostgator:

SNOWMAN (20% off)
BOSTON (25$ off)
HOUSTON ($25 off)
HGC25 ($9.94 off new hosting)

Read comparisions of them both here or check out some of the other hosts they review if you want more options:

http://internethostreviews.com/
