How can I make more money as a webcam girl?
I think I'm pretty my customers tell me I'm pretty. One of the male models on the site visits my room sometimes and he said I'm in the top percent of better looking girls on the site. I saw the other girls. Many are average looking. Alot of the girls don't even look like their pics when you go to their room. I look like my pics. Some aren't even fit but I guess they have other assets I don't have.

I have medium boobs and a medium butt. I am proportionate and in above average shape. I could tone up a bit more. Would that make a huge difference?

It's all a numbers game. Consider investing money in an advertising campaign, possibly using traditional (print) media. Viral marketing can be effective if it's clever. If you have some money to spare, a great Superbowl advertisement will get everyone talking about your business.
The company you work for make a huge difference.  Why not set up your own site where it is just you "performing" and have your own .com website.   I am a web designer and I could build you a professional site for very very cheap
go for it? will not know till you start doing it.make sure you are on a safe web-site? best of luck to you.
Like the song says, "Take off all your clothes"!
can you send me a link to your area
In my opinion it will make a huge difference if you tone up. The sexier you are in my opinion the more money you will make.

I see female cam models who are body builders with great bodies and there are always in private chats making money.

So in my opinion yes it would make a huge difference if you tone up.

You may also find this site interesting
It's not all about looks. It's about personality too. You have to get those guys so worked up that they are going to spend money on a private chat. The site you are on has a lot to do with it too. I've seen sites out there that have a high per minute rate, but don't have a lot of traffic and leave their models to "sink or swim". I work for the site Jason linked to. Their per minute rate is less than a lot of others, but the money ends up being better because 1. they put your cam on over 1000 sites that get more traffic in a day than some sites get in a month, 2. they have no chargebacks, 3. They train and support models to help them be more successful.
