Can someone please explain to me how PayPal works?
I've read all the FAQ, info, but I'm still not getting it. Also, how does PayPal work in conjunction with other sites, such as Ebay or Etsy?

With PayPal, you enter your bank account/credit card number and make an account. Then when you need to buy something, for example, an auction on Ebay, you just type in your PayPal password and it will do all of the transactions for you. Makes it easy.
You link your checking account with paypal, and you can transfer money from your checking account to paypal and vise versa. Transferring $$$ from your checking account to your paypal takes real money out of checking and puts real money into paypal and vice versa again. 

When you pay people / they pay you, it electronically transferrs $$$ to your paypal which then you can either buy something online (eBay, ect.) or your can transfer into your checking account.
I LOVE paypal and their methods. You give them your bank info or credit/debit card info and they automatically withdraw funds as-needed. Or if you are given money, you can tell them to deposit it. I signed up for their credit card which basically works like a debit card by pulling money from your bank account except paypal protects your purchases! I was screwed on ebay a while back, filed a dispute and the other guy ignored it. Paypal said well, he won't respond so we're taking the funds back from his account and reimbursing you. I shipped the crappy item back the next day!

I recommend at least trying it. Paypal has never been anything but great to me.
I only use it for ebay.  Paypal is a link to your bank account.  If you sign up, then you can pay for items you bought on a site through Paypal.  It is a debit to your bank account.  

It saves you from having to send a check or money order.  Plus, if you don't receive an item you bought on Ebay, you can report it and get your money back.

Ex. - you buy an item on Ebay.  You click to pay via Paypal.  Sign in to PayPal - verify the amount and click "send".  It is done.  Very easy and safe.  I've been pleased with it.
