How can i earn up more money on Club Penguin?


You can download "Penguin Storm 11" or you can play the game you're best at on Club Penguin. You can play the game many times. But if you want "a lot" of money, (With out earning it) I would prefer downloading "Penguin Storm 11" because it has a "Money Maker" program installed in it. The website to download it is in the source below. It doesn't give you a virus either. I had scanned my computer when I had downloaded it and I did not get a virus. Hope you get money! $$$$
Heyy! I have been on Club Penguin for a while, and i usually earn up money by playing some easy games. Like i earn about 4,000 coins in like 15mins on the Dance Game, But i have been particing for a while though since like 2 years ago. :) Also my little sister and I also play Thin Ice, search up some Thin Ice cheats on google, theres a really big cheat 4 it where you can get about 100 more coins then usuall. at the end on Thin Ice, i get about 700 coins. o and i used to do this, till i got sick of it, go the Puffle shop and play puffle round up. in like 5 min ( if your really good) then you will get 500 coins. but right when you get around 500 coins thne exit out, then go back and play. If you dont, then it will log you off because this is a cheat, but it dosnt ban you. :) plus you can search book cheats on goolge, and unlock every single one of them, i did that. your 1st book that you unlock, it will give you 1,500 coins, and a book. The 2nd book you unlock, you get 2000 coins, and so on and so on. :) i just got 6000 coins doing that, but it takes some time getting the ones that they have on the sites. :) or you could play the coffee game, and at the end, ( i get this amount of coins) you might get around 500 coins. I hoped this helped! Now you can buy anything you really want after like 30min of doing these things! Now you can have everything, Just like my penguin! :)
Without cheating, I play a lot of cart surfer. There's a guide on Youtube to get you 400 coins a game. Hope this helps.
