Where to download or buy kids tv series that have only been on tv?
Hi there is a lot of shows that have made money through merchandising products or selling to a tv network as a educational show likes arthur and barbar and have not been put on dvd for commercial sale.

I am looking for a site which has this old shows things that have appearaced on bbc, abc, and other cartoon networks but have not been released on dvd.

There is some like the mask and spiderman that have been put on vhs but not dvd I would like to know where to get those too.

So if you know anyone who sells dvds of recorded shows or sites where you can download this shows freely or a torrent site that would be great.

Most of this shows are not illegal to download well they are , but technically it's illegal to record television unless you burn the tape or destroy the dvd after the first watch.

I have had the chance to talk to cartoon producers that have told me how this cartoons have got into money it's not through the media but the merchandise like shirts and stuff, granted there are shows that do sell dvds commercially and it would be totally illegal to download this from the internet but a lot of shows are not on dvd but only released through tv networks.

Anyway I would love your helpful comments so please post comments with links to any sites you know that you think might help in getting old cartoons and tv series whether kids or adults tv series.
A lot of people are going to say check out large dvd stores but I have searched all over the place even amazon and have found that the only way to buy most of this series is as a vcr tape, captain planet for example and banana man two shows that were never released on dvd even though they both aired on bbc, it's not fair that people who want to buy this shows can't because the companys are not making dvds of them.
And for anyone that thinks otherwise I have talked to official animation producers and they have said that a lot of money that comes to the cartoon development is through merchandising as most companys don't release dvds of cartoons on tv only 30% of cartoons on tv are released as dvds so Jim please kindly be quite you don't know what you are talking about.

I think you will find many of these shows on DVD if you visit a large DVD store.  Releasing DVD's is a sizeable part of the BBC's income
Go to Amazon, you can get anything what you want:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/redirect.html?ie=UTF8&location=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2F&tag=topfivproinf-20&linkCode=ur2&camp=1789&creative=9325
