As a buyer on Ebay, I'm supposed to contact the seller within a specified period after winning....?
....does this have to be an actual message? Or is paying for the item considered contact?

New to Ebay...don't want to be breaking any rules.

There is no rule saying you must contact the seller after winning. 
Sometimes some sellers might write on the auction page to please contact them for some reason, usually regarding postage costs if it isn't listed, that's the only time I've needed to send them a message and that's been very rarely. 
If you make the payment within a few days, they'll despatch the item when they do and hopefully within 3 weeks your winnings'll turn up in the post.
You don't have to contact the seller at all really, they should send you an invoice and you pay from that. It may take a day or 2 depends if they use an automated system to send invoices. 

If you want you can pay for the item without waiting for their invoice. Most buyers do this.  Look in "items won" in your My Ebay section. It should show you the item you have won with a "Pay Now" option. Just click on that and pay, Paypal is safest. You can only do this is the seller has listed the P&P charges, if they are not listed you have to wait for their invoice stating the P&P charges. If this is the case click the option "request payment details" and this sends the seller a reminder to send you the invoice. 

I sell a lot of items and if I'm out for the day the sale ends because I send manual invoices I sometimes don't send the invoice until the following day.  Contact between buyer and seller does not have to take the form of messages but I always contact my buyer to thank them for payment and inform them when I am shipping the item, this is courtesy but not all Ebayers do this.
I believe it is curteous to send the seller an email if you intend to pay for your purchase well after the day the auction finishes so that the seller will understand the delay in payment when using this process, or you may find that you get sent more than one invoice and if you don't pay after 5 days, the seller can complete a non paying buyer with Ebay.
If you pay as soon or as near to when the auction ends, I wouldn't worry about having to contact the seller.
