Is this injustice of the website called Ernya? Answer plez?
No one sign up for Ernya . They have a 15yr old operating when u contact support. I got banned for 7 days or I should say we got banned for 7 days because many of my family members got this marble they give u, but u can only get 2 per I p address. 2!!!  we didn't know so we got banned for 7 days. I contact Ernya support complaining to them that it was injustice for only 2 of us to get marbles and I told them that they might loss people because their banning by I p address and not by  accounts. I mean let's say someone was trying to cheat them but another person on the same I p  address was just playing on Ernya being fair and doing right. They banned I p address and I other  person who didn't do anything is banned too! Not fair!! Anyway after that I find out I'm talkin to a  15yr old. This kid sittin up there telling me to not threaten her. I tell the kid that I'm not threatening her.  I was just saying my opinion so then after that the kid tells me that she told me to not to disrespect her ( I guess she got mad cause I called her kid I mean what else was I sappose to call the kid) and she tells me my I p address is permantly banned from Ernya!! PEOPLE DONT SIGN UP FOR THIS INJUSTICE WEBSITE. my whole family can never get on ernya because a kid didn't like that I was complaining and telling her they might loss alot of people because of the way they have their website. The lil kid kept saying I was threaten her because I said that. How is that a threat??!!!  I can't make people stop getting on their website. Injustice I tell u. Ernya should NOT have a kid in charge of support contact....I told that kid that I'm saying my opinion not threating her. But u kno kids they don't listen. Plez spread the word tell everyone of my storyv.v tell me if I'm right that this is injustice?

I love Ernya.
People ban by IP addresses.

And the 15 year old probably has better grammar than you do.
You just sound like a whiny 12 year old.
I have been on Ernya for several months and I love that web site. Its you and your family's fault for not following the rules. Maybe you should have gone to the library or school or everyone should have each had a day when you would get a marble.
Everybody love Ernya, kid. 
What about you stop spreading rumors? 
I am pretty sure if you have been banned it was for using proxy in order to obtain the marbles, which is against the rules.
So get over yourself. Oh and there are no fifteen years old in Ernya staff.
