My match.com account was terminated without reason! Has this happened to anyone else?
When I sent an email to customer service, this was their response: "Dear Member,
We received your inquiry regarding the termination of your Match.com membership. Due to our privacy practices, we cannot disclose the specifics leading to the termination of your account. However, we believe this action was in the best interests of our member community. Should you like to obtain additional information, a valid subpoena directed to Match.com, LLC would be required. Please note that all civil subpoenas must be served on Match.com, LLC¡¯s registered agent (noted below) in the manner provided by law:"

I mean seriously! What could I have done that they would terminate my account for no reason? Has anyone else had this problem? Have you tried to subpoena it? I'm completely dumbfounded!

Obviously there's a reason, or they wouldn't have done it!
It is safe to say that nearly everything about managing customer specific requirements is a hassle. If you're an auditor, how do you know what customer specific requirements exist so that you can audit against them? If you're the customer, how do you distribute them efficiently? If you're a supplier, how do you get them? How do you know if you have the latest version? 

Customerspecifics.com was founded as a way of improving the management of customer specific requirements for registrars and quality personnel. The idea started when a member was surprised to find that his revision of a customer specific requirement had become obsolete just days before his audit, resulting in a finding. 

Really? 
This person wasn't notified of the release of a new revision. If suppliers are required to notify their customers of changes to processes, shouldn't customers return the favor and notify their suppliers of changes to requirements? If something is important enough to be a requirement for a supplier, it's just good business practice to make sure that your suppliers are aware of these requirements. 

These are the issues that customerspecifics.com is attempting to solve. We thank each of our users for your valuable document submissions and welcome any and all feedback. We look forward to hearing from you! 

D. Matthew Morris

