Why am I getting so much Junk email?
[not on yahoo, hotmail] yeah my hotmail address the one I use for msn and everything except this site, I am now getting up to 20 junk emails[saying I won stuff, asking about coupons, taxes, ETC asking me to get a job and stuff and I'm 14 so obviously none of it is true, plus I'm not naive] a day and I NEVER EVER used to get ANY junk mail, and I haven't signed up for anything or given my email address out, I have been getting a lot of chain letters lately around when I started getting the Junk mail a few days ago could people have forwarded a chain letter with my address and somehow someone who sends junk/spam mail gotten my email address? Or is that impossible.. well how could this have happened? It Sounds stupid, but I loved my nice, clean, junk free email I used to make fun of my mom for having tons of junk mail all the time. The junk mail usually goes into the junk folder[and doesn't show up unless I click mark this as safe]  but it's still annoying! can I somehow block it or get people to stop sending it to me?
oh, I don't send chain letters btw I delete them

If you create a new email address, you will not receive any junk mail until you share your email address with the world or you sign up to something. When you have to fill out a form and they ask for your email address, watch out! That's when your email is collected. Don't click on advertisements on the internet. Don't fill out forms where they promise that you can win this or that if you give your email address. You're probably not going to win anything, but they will send you a bunch of junk mail.

If you create a website, make sure you don't put your email out there like myemail@yahoo.com. When you share your email on a forum or website, always write it like this: myemail at yahoo dot com. That's better. You can't do anything about junk mail. Just delete your email address and create a new address.

You don't send chain letters. That's very good.
use an anti spam?
Spammers use a variety of techniques to get email addresses. One of them is an automatically generated technique - a robot (or computer) uses a program that simply does nothing but generate email addresses. Eventually, your address gets hit. They may send a million emails out, and 900,000 bounce back as undeliverable, but 100,000 spam emails got thru. The spammer succeeded.

The only way to not get spam, is not connect to the internet.
