Im pretty sure my son is watching porn.?
He uses inPrivate to watch it but I cant find how to recorver it when it is closed out of so how do I?

Ask a computer programer to come and do this one thing where you can see ANYTHHING that has EVER(from day one) been typed into the computer keyboard or another program that displayes ALL the web pages. sry about my lack of technical terms for the device but i dont know what its called but i think its like a keystroke or something like that)
it's a natural thing for kids to watch porn. aslong as he's not locking himself in his room watching it for 12 hours at a time you should be happy he's a normal kid.
You don't tell us what operating system you are using and if he has an administrator account. You have to disable a local policy which, if he is an administrator, would be able to restore. If that is the case you need to remove his administration privileges.

This explains how to do it in XP, as long as you don't have home version

Click Start, Run. Type GPEDIT.MSC and hit ENTER
Go to:

User Configuration / Administrative Templates / Windows Components / Internet Explorer / InPrivate

Turn off InPrivate Browsing:

This policy setting allows you to disable the InPrivate Browsing feature.

InPrivate Browsing prevents Internet Explorer from storing data about a user's browsing session. This includes cookies, temporary Internet files, history, and other data.

If you enable this policy setting, InPrivate Browsing will be disabled.

If you disable this policy setting, InPrivate Browsing will be available for use.

If you do not configure this setting, InPrivate Browsing can be turned on or off through the registry.
That's the problem with in Private browsing. You have two choices, you can use the parental controls in IE. You will find them by clicking on tools, internet options, Content.
Your other choice is to set up your computer using Opendns. It's a free service, and over 20,000 schools use. They have step by step instructions on their web site.It's very easy. Once you set it up, just add porn filters.
Use a Keylogger or something like Net Nanny.
Have Him Please realize that Porn destroys, see in this Video the lives of those destroyed by those involved in the Industry

Dead Porn Stars Memorial www.shelleylubben.com
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0q_VGacfNk

By far, the most searched for terms on the internet are related to pornography. Pornography is rampant in the world today. Perhaps more than anything else, Satan has succeeded in twisting and perverting sex. He has taken what is good and right (loving sex between a husband and wife) and replaced it with lust, pornography, adultery, rape, and homosexuality. Pornography can be the first step on a very slippery slope of ever-increasing wickedness and immorality (Romans 6:19). The addictive nature of pornography is well documented. Just as a drug user must consume greater and more powerful quantities of drugs to achieve the same ¡°high,¡± pornography drags a person deeper and deeper into hard-core sexual addictions and ungodly desires. 

The three main categories of sin are the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life (1 John 2:16). Pornography definitely causes us to lust after flesh, and it is undeniably a lust of the eyes. Pornography definitely does not qualify as one of the things we are to think about, according to Philippians 4:8. Pornography is addictive (1 Corinthians 6:12; 2 Peter 2:19), and destructive (Proverbs 6:25-28; Ezekiel 20:30; Ephesians 4:19). Lusting after other people in our minds, which is the essence of pornography, is offensive to God (Matthew 5:28). When habitual devotion to pornography characterizes a person¡¯s life, it demonstrates the person is not saved (1 Corinthians 6:9).

For those involved in pornography, God can and will give the victory. Are you involved with pornography and desire freedom from it? Here are some steps to victory: 1) Confess your sin to God (1 John 1:9). 2) Ask God to cleanse, renew, and transform your mind (Romans 12:2). 3) Ask God to fill your mind with Philippians 4:8. 4) Learn to possess your body in holiness (1 Thessalonians 4:3-4). 5) Understand the proper meaning of sex and rely on your spouse alone to meet that need (1 Corinthians 7:1-5). 6) Realize that if you walk in the Spirit, you will not fulfill the lusts of the flesh (Galatians 5:16). 7) Take practical steps to reduce your exposure to graphic images. Install pornography blockers on your computer, limit television and video usage, and find another Christian who will pray for you and help keep you accountable.
