how does the website lockerz work exaclty?


Everything thats put up is immediately sold out.

I.E. Removed by the site owners to make it seem like that.

Then they sell your email and info to advertisers.
I don't know what that site it, but I would stay away, because a bunch of people on WOT say that it's a scam.

WOT (Web of Trust) - A web based community that gives ratings and warnings about sites that can be potentially dangerous.
Lockerz is a website that you answer the daily question and get points to get awesome prizes, but the downside it is a total and utter scam. There are redemptions, but they last only seconds, so only about 5 people get a prize a month.

To tell the truth I was a member of Lockerz, but just a suggestion of the new site I use is swagbucks.
Swagbucks is a search engine in which when you search you earn points which you trade in for really cool prizes, I have got $75+ in amazon gift cards in 2 months. So if you would like to see 

what it is all about just sign up here:
http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/Goaliekid97
and you will start out with 30 swagbucks already.
its a scam!
It¡¯s a scam. I was a member of lockerz for 3 months and never got a thing. I ordered an ipod nano and it NEVER came. I called the company and asked them to give me a refund but they would not do it. Don't trust them it¡¯s a scam! I found points2shop and its way better.

Points2shop is by far the best site for earning free cash/prizes. I've been a member of all the get free stuff websites: Prizerebel, Swagbucks, Lockerz, Rewards1, and cashcrate. They were all really hard to earn points on. It was very time consuming. And I never got anything from those sites.

If I were you I'd go to points2shop. You can earn points so easily on points2shop by completing offers, surveys, playing games, or simply by clicking on links! It¡¯s that easy! I just received an ipod nano from points2shop in the mail last month. You get all your prizes directly off amazon.com, which makes shopping for prizes a lot easier because amazon has every item you could possibly want. 

Points2shop is best, fastest, and easiest site for getting free stuff. Best of all Points2shop is 100% free.If you need to know more information you can check their forums where members post the things that they have received for earning points on the points2shop website below.

The only way to get 250 free bonus points is by going to the link below and signing up.

http://www.points2shop.com/?ref=salibu
