is tumblr a good website to use for blogging...?
its to help get me started in music journalism so its gonna be a business type blog. my friend has an account for her blog to help her start up a comedy career and she says is good. she can link it to her facebook and everything. do you think this would be a good website to use or would something like blogspot be better?? if not, i was thinking of creating a whole website instead. i know someone who creates websites and they could probably do me a good deal so would that be better or would that make updating it difficult because im not very good at the whole html thing when it comes to updating websits lol.

cheers.

XOXO.

I think this is the better place (website) I fully recommend it...
If you want to blog with kids!
Yeah Tumblr Is Great i would say that you could do any type of blogging there whether it be photo blogging, micro-blogging(like twitter) or like regular blogging i personally think its great!!
As you have some pro thoughts for Blogger, you can choose blogger.com as the platform for your new blog. The points that go in favour of blogger.com are as follows:

If someone is new to blogging, the blogging site should be easy and doesn't make one disappointed in future, when he/she will be technically far more ahead at implementing things than they're at present. 

Then let I assure you, Blogger.com, a blogging platform by Google is by far the best.

Blogger.com is the best platform for all bloggers, irrespective of their tech expertise. In addition, another benefit of using blogger is that you get traffic from Google search as well.

Google's blogger.com is a pretty versatile blogging platform. The url format of your new blog will be xyz.blogspot.com, where xyz represents your name. But if you want to make the url look xyz.com, blogger allows you to do that as well. You can tweak the looks of your blog, from 1 percent to 100 percent and add much functionality to it as well.

For beginner, getting started is quite easy too, just three steps:

Create an account (if you have an existing gmail account, then you can use that too)
Name your blog
Choose a template

In the beginning, one can make a blog, by taking the three above steps. The same blogger can be tweaked in future to resemble in looks and functionality of a professional blog.

Thanks
