Which do you prefer and why? Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, or Firefox?
I use to use Internet Explorer, hated it. Too slow, too many problems. I currently use Firefox, but it's starting to go downhill too. I'm thinking of trying Google Chrome, but don't know how it compares to these other ones? Are there any others besides these three that you like better?

google chrome
firefox is quite fast but google chrome is faster o.o
N internet explorer suck as hell
chrome is nice looking and it's fast
I used all three for different kind of browsing...
for sites who insist that we use internet explorer, well... i use IE,
for real browsing, when i planned to go online for quite some time and browsing my favorite places i use Firefox...
for quick and dirty browsing, i use google chrome.

I would have used google chrome for real browsing if only its compatibility with Java is fully supported. it's lightning fast and almost trouble-free
I personally like Firefox. It's a nice interface that is easily customizable, and that is what I've been using for the longest time so, tradition.

Another popular choice is Safari but I do not prefer it myself. Wondering why? It's the IE equivalent for Macs. That's a very scientific reason in my opinion :)
Google Chrome..I feel comfertable due to is large space as compare to other.
I think that you should go on cnet it has a list of which web browsers they think are the best. They even have one which you may have never heard of before.
Internet Explorer is the best when it is about compatibility and safety ,but it's bad with low speed connections !
Check Opera browser it's very fast and Nice (I,m using it actually)

official website :
http://www.opera.com/
Safari, for it's great speed. Firefox is great too and try to install FasterFox addons. Don't Use IE.
I myself use google chrome for its simplicity and lightning speed and its light resource use, I used to use firefox but since upgrading to windows 7 I haven't really needed it, I still have IE8 though for sites chrome can't use. Hope It helps and try google chrome
i use konqueror as its fast, secure and has enough addons for me, i can autotranslate into various languages and it has a download manager built in, i can also open pages with a text editor and browse my personal files, play vids and listen to mp3's,
the only thing it can't do is make a cup of coffee
I use them all

nothing wrong with it any

if you keep your system for one thing like Surfing
then you wont have problems
Mozilla Firefox.
Firefox, because it's fast and secured. It can be updated and it can personalized.

Good luck
for gud download speed-chrome & I.E.
for faster searching-firefox
for easy downloading-I.E
OVERALL-my order of preference is-1)firefox
                                                     2)chrome
                                                     3)I.E
darling by the way,how are u?
