Need help with ebay bank account?
So i just bought something for my gun off ebay as usual, and well the bank thats primary doesn't exist anymore ( bank of america they can suck a horse dick ) well anyways i went though payment as usual and got side tracked and payed with that account. Well the card im using that works (chase bank) is the working one is set up as a backup. And i was just wondering will this fix itself so the chase account gets the payment and i can just move on with life, or will this take days to fix? In easier terms
1. Payed with non existent bank account
2. I have a backup account will it just be switched and billed.
3. Will this be an instant fix, or will it take some time.
4. Already notified seller of this issue.
5. But i checked my payment on paypal.com and it says the payment is complete. Did it already bill my backup account?
6. Can i go back to watching family guy now?
Cool thanks guys just needed to know if it sorted itself out. I still have my bank of america account on my paypal dunno why but i cant remove it it says i have to wait 3-5 days or some crap. Anyways i closed my bank of america account long ago they kept charging me for shit i didnt purchase and overdraft fees of $300 for a small 1.00 over draft. Just rediculous so f them. Ok wrll anyways so im all good my chase account payrd for it? If so great, And thank guys! Ebay account for 6 years hundreds of purchases never had this happen ha. Also sent a few emails to the seller freakin out tellin him not to report me for fraud ha when can i remove my bank of america account off anyways? 3-5 days?
Cool thanks your all awesome! freakin sweet! HeH heh heh

Paypal uses a main account. Which in your case is Bank Of America(and I agree with you ). If a payment from that account does not go through for some or any reason, they use the backup account. So, your bill is paid through your backup account and you will be billed on that card. It is paid for. Go back and watch Family Guy. Although if I were you, I would try to find out WHY it did not get paid with your first account. Contact Bank of America if you have to.
The bank account is primarily used to verify your identity.  It is also used as a primary source of funds.
Not having an account has the only effect of removing your verified status on Ebay.  Most sellers refuse making transactions with unverified buyers and vice versa.

You should be good for now. Just add a new account later on to get verified.
Yes if there is a problem with the primary source or due to lack of funds, the payment will be taken from your backup source. It will be billed to your backup card. Usually takes 3-5 days to process and show up on online statements, depending on the bank. Go watch Family Guy. I've seen them all way too much lol
