Letter from broadband provider - slowing down our internet connection?
We got a letter from our broadband provider saying they were slowing down our internet connection as we'd surpassed the 'fair use' download limit. WTF is that? 

P.S. Haven't been doing anything illegal. There are five of us, all with computers, all who enjoy using youtube and BBC iPlayer (which I'm assuming is what caused it).

As long as it says in their TOS that they reserve the right to throttle your connection without demonstrated any cause for the action, they're allowed to do it.

Read TOS thoroughly. If it says nothing about this, then it's possible your ISP is violating it's own TOS, which would be good for you. 

If it does say something about this, then it doesn't matter if it's ethically wrong or if you didn't know beforehand due to not reading TOS when you first signed up; they're still allowed to do it.
5 people watching video regularly is a pretty heavy load in one household. That's why they have residential account and business accounts, they expect businesses to use that much, but home accounts they don't expect that kind of usage. You guys must really be streaming a lot and downloading stuff for them to penalize you like that. I'm pretty sure there's some kind of "fair usage act" out there regarding bandwidth usage.
You've all, between you, gone over the limit you are allowed. Fair enough.
It's like breaking a speed limit in a car, you get caught you pay the penalty.
i have t mobile and they slow me down every month if use more than 3.5 mb or some thing i just cant watch videos between 4.00pm and 12 am when they slow me down till the next month but can watch them the other 16 hours of the day
i'm with talktalk and each month you get 40 gigabytes of bandwidth.

even if you don't use it all, you still only get 40gb when it's reset each month to zero...

So find out what your getting a month and if they are slowing you down find out how long for. They should only be slowing you down for that month. My talktalk is ?21 a month and for another ?5 I can get it up to 80gb a month..... so mention this to your provider and even ask for a printed letter of your usage if they get lippy... you should have a right too know how much you've gone over by. Talktalk would send you a letter to say you went over and you have the option to stop or be cut off till next month

your big problem is the sites your watching, as those videos are huge in size. A bbc 30 min program is around 300mb and youtube vids can be huge also. 
So check the video quality and running time of each video, as the better the quality the larger the file will be.


oh yes the Gadget show on tv had a wee program that monitors your usage plus when they say unlimited, their talking b####ks..
okey then let me explain this to you: The "fair usage policy" is basicly how much you can use the internet. if you been downloading anything at all and have download more than is allowed with-in fair usage then. I would recommend switching supplier to virgin media as they do not have a download limit nore does BT on certain price plans.  It is nothing to do about the digital economy bill which was on the BBC. 

It is simply your broadband provider is saying you are using you connection more than you said you would in the price plan. As there is 5 people in the internet there is alot of usage so you are going to have to upgrade you package or switch. They are slowing you down so you dont use so much bandwidth. 

Virgin give you a 10mb connection (faster than you will get form anyone els) for less than BT and ultimited use. Just because a company says they are giving you 20mb etc doesnt mean you will  get that speed like BT but with virgin you actually do get the speed you are paying for. Feel free to email me though if you need me to explain anymore.
