Will there be a Lockerz Redemption for March 2010, and when?


Lockerz is a scam, there is no redemption. They will always be "out of stock". They paid a company called Fanscape to pay teens to make fake videos about how they won prizes and they even pay them to go on forums and talk good about them, forums like yahoo answers. Also, their ultimate plan is to launch a website like Amazon, where people will BUY things. They are just using you to refer others. No company in the world could make money with what they are doing now, so why would they give away things for free, just for answering a couple questions? I'm not some teen that is easily fooled, I'm an adult and my entire income comes from the internet. I know what sites are scams and what sites are not. Lockerz is the biggest scam on the internet, but a legal scam, so nothing anybody can do about it.


To Zac C:
"and they even pay them to go on forums and talk good about them, forums like yahoo answers."

I'd like someone to explain how answering questions like "What's your favorite food" on their site makes them money. Where does that money come from and who's paying them? It doesn't. It's just a diversion so you think it's real, so you refer your friends. If that business model was profitable, then why are they the only one's doing it? If it was possible to make money like that, the internet would be filled with copycats because there's millions of teens that would want free stuff just by answering a few questions. I'd make a site right now if I thought that was profitable. Real survey sites make money by trying to trick people into signing up for memberships to things. Lockerz doesn't do that, so how does Lockerz make their money? Everytime someone mentions lockerz on the internet, that's another free advertisement for them. So once they launch the REAL site, they will have tons of traffic going to their site already.
I think it's too early for the redemption.

To the scam guy, I used to think the same thing then a couple of my friends got items. One got Dragon Age Origins and the other a PSP bundle. And no they didn't go out and buy them and say its from Lockerz. They brought in the letter, item, and even the box it was shipped in. These are my closest friends too so I'm taking their word on it. Plus if you don't believe it try for yourself, you have nothing to lose and it won't kill you.
I did read that there WILL be a March Redemption from a Lockerz LAB member, but he himself did not know the date of the redemption. I don't think that Lockerz Staff have even decided upon on a date yet. And Lockerz is not a scam. I did get a pair of headphones from them. Not the greatest redemption, but proof that Lockerz is NOT a scam.
Yes there will be a redemtion! I've signed up for the february redemption and I got a really great prize and it works!

GO LOCKERZ!!!
They choose a random dates for the redemption's I suggest you to use LockerzAlerts - http://www.lockerzalerts.com  service , they will send you text message to your mobile phone when the redemption occurs ! its also FREE !
today!!
I live in chile and I don't know on what time (in chile) I can redempt in lockerz today (8-march-2010)

please tell me when!!!  

I know is today but ... the time?
Yes there will be, check the site, they are givin info of it 2day
Apparently on march 25 or later because they are having a competition to see if the US members or the international members will get more points in between march 8 and march 25, so that is my best bet
