Which is the best Internet browser and why?
What i mean is, overall how is (fill in browser name here) the best browser? 
Thanks!

Firefox runs smooth and very secure.
Mozilla Firefox, it doesnt crash like the others, its more stable and reliable, it looks nice, and its really compatible with almost all web pages, also google chrome is a really good one as well
Safari, it's fast and reliable. It looks better somehow.
ive never had virus's with internet explorer but i dont download anything without making sure its legit.  i tried firefox but it ran very slow and i didnt like its features.
i hate internet explorer. i had to use it because that was before firefox and chrome came out, but i prefer firefox because the apps for it are really convenient. i think you can personalize firefox more than the other browsers. Speed wise, all three are the same; at the most chrome will be a second ahead of firefox, but i mean i can live with that.
google chrome.  Uses very little memory, is extremely fast, functional, ascetically flexible, and secure.
Mozilla Firefox,
it is simple, easy, and runs things fast than Internet Explorer runs slow. 

I used to be a total IE Fan because it was made by Microsoft, then I realized I was truly missing out.
Mozilla Firefox is fast, secure, and very user-friendly and customizable! I'd recommend it to anyone!
Google Chrome.

I've always used Internet Explorer and then it started crashing and freezing, pages took forever to load. All the toolbars would add up everytime you tried downloading something, it became a hassle. I switched to Firefox but also found it was kind of slow and also the layout was ugly.

Google chrome is very nice and sophisticated, has all the capabilities of internet explorer only its faster and doesnt have all the ugly toolbars like Internet explorer. Another plus is that when right clicking a picture you can click "copy img url" instead of going into properties, then highlighting and copying the url there. 

Overall, google chrome is faster, more reliable, nicer and much more efficient than Internet explorer and firefox.
Google Chrome is the best browser because it looks great and is very user friendly. It is also the fastest  of all the mainstream browsers because it doesn't use much memory. It is also very secure.
I like the tabs the most because they open up in the very top bar, not below it, meaning there is a lot of screen space!
Firefox

more add-ons, fast ,classical view.
It's always about Firefox and Chrome. FYI-they both suck.
Firefox is an Absolute memory hog! Chrome tracks whatever you do on the web and plus it lacks security,according to a test conducted by NSS Labs,which is a prestigious organization.
The browser I would recommend is Apple Safari. It Rocks!
I've been studying browsers for a long time,I'm kinda specializing on it.lol.
Use Safari.
