How does Ebay Bidding Work?
I really want to bid on something on Ebay that ends tomorrow! 
Please explain CLEARLY, SPECIFICALLY, and EASY as possible! I really really really really really really want it!!!! 
Thanks! 
*No rude answers, please*

You simply register to the website, login and put the maximum amount you would like to pay for the item, then click bid now. You'll need a PayPal account or be able to use a credit/debit card to make the payment. Most sellers require payment the same day or not long after.

You don't pay until you become the winning bidder. It's very similar to a normal auction apart from it's on a website. As soon as the bidding ends, you would make the payment.
OK you have found an item you want, you place your maximum bid (the most you are prepared to pay) For example start price on the item is $10.00 you are prepared to pay $20.00, so you enter $20. If you are the first bidder, the price will still be $10 & you will be the current highest bidder. If no one else bids, the item will be yours for $10 + whatever the postage costs are.

Using the same example if someone else bids & they were to place a bid of say $15.00, they will be immediately outbid as ebay is bidding on your behalf (automatic or proxy bidding) Then the price will then be $15.50 ( 50 cents is the increment at this stage) If they bid again at $20.00 the same as you, you will still be the highest bidder as the earlier placed bid takes priority.(its a bit of a give away on your max bid when this happens as there wont be an increment )  Now this other bidder really wants the item as well, so they place another bid of $25.00. You will no longer be the highest bidder & provided no one else bids, they will win the bid for $20.50.  

BTW No one else knows your max bid just you.

The increment that I mentioned before ranges on the current price of the auction. It increases when the bidding goes over certain $ values. I think if bidding goes over $25 the increment is $1, then over $100 it increases again. 

Thats it in a nutshell! of course there are many variables.Read ebays buying help for further info.

My advice (which you are free to disregard, this is just what I do if I really have to have something)
I will place my maximum bid in the last seconds of the auction, I will do this either manually (if I am home at the time or set it up with a auction sniping service  I use gixen.com.) 
The reason I snipe, I dont want to get into a bidding war & have previously paid way more then what I wanted just to win! (I dont know if its my competitive nature or Im just stupid lol) 
I also add a couple of cents to my max bid as most buyers tend to bid in whole dollars instead of $20.00 make it $20.01. Cant tell how many times I have won the bid by 1 cent.
