question about amazon.com?
tried to place an order and clicked on change my payment method. they still had the old credit card info. but when i click on change, it keeps taking me to a place with books for sale! why doesn't it take me to where i can change my info?? i canceled the order, but would still like to know if this has happened to you. thanks.
i just went to my account , and i can't believe they put the order through and i did not authorize it!

Just change your info in your account settings.
i've had other issues with them.  i try to avoid them now.
I had a few things in my cart and they sent it out for delivery. How the heck can they send me something when I never completed the transaction?
First, make sure you alert your bank that Amazon did this and tell them to
NOT authorize the transaction because it was done without your OK.

Second, it was probably a glitch in the link on the site that took you to
another page instead of your information page.

I have used Amazon several times before and have never had problems
(luckily) but now - with all the funny things going on and ID Theft, I find
a company that has what I want or need and I order DIRECTLY from them
and not through Amazon or any other Third-party consumer site.

I will not use NexTag, Paypal, Ebay, or any other such sites.

If I were you, I would immediately try to contact the "Store-front" from who
the item(s) were bought and contact them as directly as possible and tell
them that you had NOT finished... rather canceled the order and that
Amazon still put it through and that they should cancel the order and not
charge your payment method because it is the old one and it is the wrong
info.
Also inform them that Amazon pushed through the order unauthorized.

DO NOT GIVE ANY CREDIT CARD INFO to whom ever you are able to
contact or speak with - it is also possible that because the link went to
another page instead of your information page... it could be a Link Hijacker
or other type of malware designed to gather personal info for possible ID
Theft or Fraud.


I hope this helps in some way.
.
