Which is the best web browser to use?
I have Google Chrome at the moment, and is very good but I was just wondering if there is a better one like: Internet Explorer 8, Mozilla, Safari, Opera, K-Meleon, Flock, etc. I have windows and it would be for general use like social networking, games and browsing. It has to be free, reliable and reasonably quick.

Mozilla Firefox is the most efficient of the browsers available
All i use is firefox . I been playing with chrome and seem to be slightly faster.
hi there,

without a doubt mozilla firefox , see for your self :

http://internet-browser-review.toptenreviews.com/

hope this helped
Google Chrome is the best in my opinion.
The best of them are Mozilla and Opera. Opera has many buid-in plugins, but in Mozilla you need to install its manually.
The most popular one right now is Mozilla Firefox. It can be fully customized through add-ons, and skins. It's just as quick as Chrome. It uses less memory than Internet Explorer. And it has plenty of security features. Give it a try.
I always used firefox until here recently and it quit working on my laptop. I kept getting the windows vista antivirus pro spyware bug when browsing with it. I never had a problem with it before so I can guess it was something I downloaded. I say go for Mozilla Firefox. The spyware was on my account of stupidity. It is supposed to be one of the safest browsers.
mozilla firefox... no doubt, it has never let me down, EVER, and it is so easy to use.
Mozzila fire fox like everyone says. Chrome is ok but it can sometimes cause lag in online games. Internet explorer... I have nothing to say. As for opera I have never tried it.
Firefox can be used with add ons that you have to install yourself so you can choose what you want. It runs great with flash player for your online gaming and facebook.
Google Chrome is the best

http://politicsandtechnologynews.blogspot.com/2010/03/5-reasons-why-google-chrome-should-be.html
Hahaha!

I love this question. It comes up all the time, and everyone makes their little pitch for their favorite.

The thing is, there is no real answer to this question. There's too many factors at play here. Everybody values certain features higher than others.

If you're into social networking, Flock is the one for you. It's based on Firefox, so it has the security and reliability of a big-name company, but it has more specific features. It incorporates social media really easily with regular web browsing.

I don't use Flock more than once a month, because it's not the browser for me. I use Firefox and Opera Beta the majority of the time. Firefox is my stable, go-to choice when I need a browser for basic surfing. When I thrive speed (for video and such), I use Opera (10.5 Beta version is currently faster than Google Chrome).

I have just about every browser available on my machine, though. I'm a bit of a geek...

Regards,

Lucien Briscoe

