Why is there so much sick crap on the Internet and why is it all ".com" commercializing everything?
When it should be .xxx..some things you wish you could unsee!! And I'm the adult...Why is 90% of all web content porn? There's something seriously wrong here!

I don't know what sites you go to, but I run into little to no porn while I'm online!
heh yeah the internet is a sick place! well parts of it anyways, the internet is still very young and this kind of measures haven't been introduced, though there are talks of introducing the .xxx domain soon
You have to understand that not everyone thinks like you or upholds the same values as you. What you find "seriously wrong" others find perfectly fine.

There were talks of establishing a .xxx TLD many years ago, but the idea was abandoned. The mood at ICANN was that they didn't want to start categorizing content on the Internet or something like that.

Ninety percent of the Internet (wherever you pulled that statistic from...) is porn because there is a lot of money in it. People buy it, people view it, people enjoy it, people demand it. These people might not have the lofty moral highground that you have, but their the ones who demand it, and the industry supplies it.

Pornography doesn't hurt anyone. Sure, some people like yourself object to it, and that's fine, but all you have to do is look away. It's not that difficult.

It's really hard to accidentally stumble upon pornography on the Internet. Sure you may come across links to it on sketchy websites, but it's not thrust in your face-- excuse the pun. You only see actual pornography if you intentionally pursue it.

You can whine and cry all you want about things that make you feel uncomfortable, but the Internet is there for everyone, not just you. Nobody cares if you have a problem with it. Either ignore it and live your life, or speak up and complain to a world that doesn't care what you think.

Long story short, get over it and look the other direction. Millions of people get along just fine on the Internet despite all this adult content, and so can you.
No offense to you or anything if you are American. But .com is the American way. Every country has there own e.g. .uk, .nz  .aus .sa so on so on but most of the internet is run by americans so thats why everything is .com.
Sex sells. Period.
The Internet is not 90% porn but there is a huge market for it. The easiest thing to sell is ur body, prostitution has been around since civilition began, technology brings it to ur computer at 500 Mbs lol. It's a billion dollar industry and I agree with u all the way it's out of control but ask any sales/marketing person porn industry knew way they were doing even tho porn sells itself. They take it too far but besides drugs ( not illegal drugs as they r the number easiest/biggest selling thing there is), I mean persrciption drugs, porn is the easiest thing to sell. Life's tuff u gotta take the good with the bad, as we all kno there r crazy people out there lol.
