So how do I get more hits on my blog?
I want my blog: http://www.hellokathyx.tumblr.com
to be noticed ^^
I really would like others to see it, but are there anyways of getting more hits? D;
Thank you :]
I'm not sure what SEO is, and also I tried myspace & facebook. So any other ideas?

try to learn about SEO it could really help your stats...
try to get poppular copy stuff from magazines
I just looked at it, so this is a start.
Put links on facebook, myspace etc.
Myspace would be better than facebook, beacuse you can send links to random people, so just bombard people.
Pretty good looking blog by the way.
Dear Pretty Princess,

SEO means Search Engine Optimization.

Marketing your website or blog is a huge topic with lots of ways and means.

If you have tried Facebook, I have some hints that may help.  You should use Twitter also.

Basics for Twitter & FaceBook:

Use Twitter and Facebook to start your online marketing for your blog. Learn Twitter first, then Facebook.

Use your common sense in inviting friends. You are looking for people who have your blog topic on their minds. Do searches in Twitter and Facebook to find those who are into it. 

This should keep you busy for at least two weeks learning and setting up those venues. Start 

slow with the invites. Google will shut you down if you are inviting too many people per day.

Twitter: Do not follow more than 10% over the number of people who follow you. 

Facebook: Take it easy here, too. Also, when you invite, be sure to give each person a message: 

"Hi, Josh, I see you are interested in "your topic". So am I. Let's connect." Later, (your name, really, use your name).

On both venues, do 15-20 minutes per day of inviting.

I have much more to share if you need more than this, or if my instructions aren't clear enough for you.  There are only good questions!  Be brave and ask what you need to know.

I learned these techniques through my team of mentors, who encourage me to help others.

Let's talk soon,
Diane
