How to get a WordPress blog into an actual website and google?
I currently have a wordpress blog for my class, but I can't see it on google. But I want to start another one but more of a website so how I get an actual URL and than get it on google so people can find it? Also without having it hosted on these sites: http://get.wp.com/hosting/  and not having to pay for a domain name with w.p. It'l be a website with thumbnail images and videos, with several different categories that you can visit like links, reviews, updates, etc.

You would have to be a skilled html programmer and understand http protocal.  I can't show you all of that here.  If you want to know more about it google them.  It's also fairly difficult because a computer would have to be dedicated to keeping that webpage on the world wide web.
You need to get hosting which already includes one click install of Wordpress.
It's the easiest way and you get a real website, with a real domain name like
www.yourwebsite.com, which would be searchable on Google.

I recommend one of these: http://www.tophostingpicks.com

iPage has the best offer right now.
Their standard price is $84/year ($6.95) but they have
a 50% sale, one year of hosting for $42.00.

Their plan includes:

Unlimited disk space
Unlimited bandwidth
Free domain name

Price: $42/year ($3.50)

They have one of the most popular hosting platforms, which currently hosts over a million websites. They're also one of the oldest hosting companies, founded in 1998.

They include an easy, one click install of Wordpress from their control panel, so you can just choose a theme that you like, and start adding content.
As you may know a domain name is just a name, not a real website/weblog. If you are going to create your blog website: 1- Buy a domain name. A domain name is a name you want to call your website (ex: www.yahoo.com).  To get a domain name, you have to pay an annual fee to a registrar for the right to use that name. 2- Buy a web hosting service to provide your online space and enable you to get your blog online at your purchased domain name.

If you¡¯re going to start your blog at your own domain with different pages, you need a web host providing wordpress.

Take a look at:
http://www.threehosts.com/blog
There you can reach the three reputable companies that are leaders in the blog/wordpress website hosting industry.

Another useful link:
http://www.threehosts.com/build
There you can find a step-by-step guide to start your website.

Hope this helps.
