is limewire illegal? some ppl say it is?


if it was illegal there would be millions of people in jail from downloading it.
yes it is
if u are downloading music for FREE and wasting all those artists money, then its not legal is it?
Limewire in and of itself is not illegal.  Using it, however, to steal music is illegal.
Its only illegal if you download basic and not pay for it
Yeah it's illegal. Your basically stealing the stuff you download. Don't even mess with lime wire. All it does is give your viruses and the quality of the songs is horrible.
It used to be illegal because you didn't have to pay anything, but now you pay $25 at the beginning of the year and you can get as many songs as you want from the website. Now that they make you pay it isn't illegal.
Yes. Its Ilegal. Most people have to download like a thousand songs before they are caught.


You are also open to get lots of viruses like:Security tool and RegCure
No its not illegal, im actually using it, you just have to be careful because it is prone to viruses, you have to have anti virus in your pc when using it, but it actually works for me. Im using limewire to get music and then i transfers all my fave music to my i-tunes and upload everything to my i-pod touch-- that way i dont need to buy songs on i-tunes : )))
Limewire the program is perfectly fine and legal. Using it to download copyrighted material is another thing. Depending on where you live it can range from illegal to legal, currently being deermined or frowned upon.

For instance in the US it is illegal, and many have been sued by record labels for downloading music and forced to pay rediculous sums of money (hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars for less than even 100 songs). However the rate at which people get caught is low and most lawsuits involve the programs owner (in this case limewire) being sued.

However in Canada it's slightly different. Some officials are trying to make it more illegal, but so far it's on the fence, and local authorities have stated that they have no plans to file any charges agianst people who download for their personal use only. Also there has been no lawsuits in Canada on the issue to my knowledge.

Best bet is to look up your local countries/state/province policies if unsure and go from there.
