any tips for bidding on ebay?
i found this ipod touch on ebay and theres about 21 hours left. so far someone out bid me and its at $14.50 right now. do you think i should wait until the last few minutes and out of no where bid the largest amount of money im willing to pay, or what?

be a last second bidder, but there are many like you so you must be quick thinking and have a fast internet connection.  also, don't get too into it as sometimes people over pay at the heat of the moment.
bid the highest price in the last couple seconds it's called sniping
14.50 for an itouch, sounds really low to me friend. I'd have some concerns. 

1. One it may be an older model, not the one thats out in store. Probably a 1Generation one.

2. It may be broken.

3. It could be jailbroken, meaning the seller hacked it
DO NOT wait until the last second! If you are going to put in your max bid, you may as well do it now. Ebay lets you enter your max bid, then it will bid the smallest amount you need to win. If you wait until the last second, the person you are bidding against might have a higher max bid than you, and you wouldn't be able to change it because you already lost.
Wait till the last few minutes, otherwise you could be having a price battle with a friend of the seller, and the friend of the seller is trying to drive up the price.  And yes, i would bid the largest amount of money that you are willing to pay.  This way, either you get it, because you had the highest bid; of you don't because someone out bid you.  If you get it, then have you really lost anything?  But if you don't get it, then it was over the price you were willing to pay.  

I hope this helped
Yes most definately bid in the final seconds of the auction, I have the auction page open in two windows, one with my max bid ready to go - all I have to do is hit confirm. The other to watch the time count down.
If I am unable to manually snipe I will set it up through a auction sniper program & that will bid on my behalf with about 5 seconds to go.  gixen.com
& also I add a couple of cents to my max bid as a lot of people bid in whole dollars. Have won the bid on many things by 1 cent.
There are several ways:

As already noted, place one MAXIMUM bid at a price you are willing to pay for that item AND NO MORE! The one thing you do not want to do is get in a ¡®bidding war,¡¯i.e., don¡¯t let your pride override your pocketbook. 

Watch the bidding in the final minutes and place a last second bid.

Of course, you can¡¯t place a bid in the last couple of seconds if you cannot be on your computer when the auction closes for that item.

So, do what millions of others do, become a snipe bidder. Sniping is rampant at ebay. Sniping is using a third party web site to automatically place a bid for you. You do not have to be on your PC ¨C the sniping service will place your bid in the very last seconds of the auction.

One such sniping service is esnipe:

http://www.esnipe.com/

No, you won¡¯t win all of the auctions you snipe, but for those you lose you will have the consolation and satisfaction knowing that some idiot paid more for an item than you knew it was worth.
Waiting until the last minute is futile. eBay has a "PROXY BID" system. - For example: current bid is $99.00 and to be the high bidder requires a bid of at least $100.00. You enter a max bid of $125.00.

eBay will bid for you (proxy bidding) UP TO your maximum bid amount and only enough to make you the highest bidder. As of right now, you'll pay the 100 dollars. If someone comes in and bids 101+, eBay will automatically bid for you to make you the highest bidder, but only up to your max bid amount (125). Once the bid passes 125, if there is still time left, you'll have to decide if your willing to pay more (place another bid) or search for another item.

Be aware the in the last few minutes of an auction, the price can jump tremendously due to proxy bidding.

You might want to try a free site I use to find inexpensive items on eBay that are getting ready to end. The site is http://www.auctionsunderabuck.com - I find a lot of great bargains - even on eBay! Good luck!
