Which is better Twitter, Myspace, or Facebook?
just curious.

Facebook.

Myspace is childish and Twitter is just dumb.
One vote for Facebook.
facebook in my opinion, its "better" but I prefer myspace.
IOM, I LIKE FACEBOOK!
FaceBookah.  There all a waste of time, however, it appears to be the most popular.

Get back to work.
Facebook is the best choice above all socialnetworking sites because it is safer, cooler, and easier to use.
You cant really compare Twitter in the list because thats a whole different concept, but if you want a social network site then you should think the following, If you want colorful picture backgrounds or glittery sparkly designs then its MySpace, but if you want a Professional looking profile with a lot of security and reliability its Facebook.. However i should tell you that the present trend is Facebook!
Which is better Blue, Red, or Greed?
Facebook, hands down
This just my opinion. 

Twitter is the greatest this on the internet (Excluding things like Limewire, Youtube, T.V. Shack, ETC.) especially if you like really learning about peoples lives and short responses. Also if your not that into sharing It's not recommended. Twitter is my personal favorite. You can also follow celebs and other things your a fan of.

Facebook is still epic, not as epic as Twitter but still awesome. Facebook is great if you want to connect with lost friends, stay connected with current friends etc. Like Twitter you can post a status about you but its not as personal. Also with Facebook you have chat similar to msn, and you can play games and take quizzes with apps kind of similar to the I-phone.

As for Myspace it was cool when the internet first started gaining popularity but has since become outdated and very confusing. It's also unorganized and there's just too many options for it's format kind of like MyYearbook. I would never recommend Myspace to anybody.

Honestly though those are just opinions if you really want to pick a good social networking site your best bet is to go visit all of them and pick one for yourself. Those might not even be the bast for you. You can do a google or Yahoo search for other sites suck as MyYearbook, which is GREAT for meeting new people. or Mycubicle. Also you don't have to limit yourself too one site. I use Twitter, Facebook and MyYearbook.
Facebook

