Just wondering....Is Lockerz a scam?
I have an invite for Lockerz and wondered whether or not it's a scam. It seems to good to be true. You answer questions and get gifts?

Has anyone tried it out? Are there other details I should know or viruses I might get?

its a legit site where you earn points to redeem prizes, I use it, but have never gotten anything from it, because redemptions are once a month and last any where between 30 seconds to 1 minute, so its impossible for anyone to get anything.
Its not a scam, people say that because it is pretty much fucking impossible to get anything when you want to redeem. You won't get viruses. I personally got 2 skins for my i pod touch. You can actually get stuff if your fast enough on redemption day, but not likely. i pretty much gave up on trying to get anything I'm saving up for when they do 24/7 redemption's.
It¡¯s a scam. I was a member of lockerz for 3 months and never got a thing. I ordered an ipod nano and it NEVER came. I called the company and asked them to give me a refund but they would not do it. Don't trust them it¡¯s a scam! I found points2shop and its way better.

Points2shop is by far the best site for earning free cash/prizes. I've been a member of all the get free stuff websites: Prizerebel, Swagbucks, Lockerz, Rewards1, and cashcrate. They were all really hard to earn points on. It was very time consuming. And I never got anything from those sites.

If I were you I'd go to points2shop. You can earn points so easily on points2shop by completing offers, surveys, playing games, or simply by clicking on links! It¡¯s that easy! I just received an ipod nano from points2shop in the mail last month. You get all your prizes directly off amazon.com, which makes shopping for prizes a lot easier because amazon has every item you could possibly want. 

Points2shop is best, fastest, and easiest site for getting free stuff. Best of all Points2shop is 100% free.If you need to know more information you can check their forums where members post the things that they have received for earning points on the points2shop website below.

The only way to get 250 free bonus points is by going to the link below and signing up.

http://www.points2shop.com/?ref=salibu
I joined Lockerz a few months ago (email me at abrakedabra1@yahoo.com with your email for an invite) and the I have to say the site is well constructed. However Lockerz is not so good cuz they never have prizes in stock. The site has become inundated with new members and getting prizes has become unrealistic. I spent some time and found some better sites that are similar, and I actually got a 16gb ipod touch and an XBOX 360 from points2shop, 
 
email me at abrakedabra1@yahoo.com me for a complete list of "free stuff" websites, however I have links to my favorite sites:
 
http://www.points2shop.com/?ref=707me23
 
and
 
http://www.prizerebel.com/index.php?r=2109162
 
Use these links please because they are my referrals and get u bonus point when u sign up.
All these websites with getting points and winning stuff will most likely be a scam. And what if you order something like an Ipod and then it turns out to break in the next week or so? It would be cool if you actually won something though.
