Downloading Windows 7?
How and from where can i download the entire version of Windows 7 which doesn`t miss any files.Please help me by providing the links from which i can download the complete version.

I have been using windows 7 for 5 months (which I downloaded) and it still works perfectly.

But I wouldn't support downloading/pirating therefore I suggest you to buy it !
Dear, you can download it from official Microsoft site, for which you have to pay one time license fee.
if you want to download windows 7 for free,you will not be able to get the full version.you will get only trial version.

you can get full version of windows 7 from Microsoft official site.but you have to pay money for it,

url : www.microsoft.com
The best way to download an operating system is through a torrent client, basically you download a torrent client then download the image of the DVD of the operating system then you burn it into a DVD.
you can try it on from torrents .Most of them will provide u complete version .Try www.piratebay.org
Looks like one person is suggesting you contact them and they'll send/sell you a copy, and one is suggesting you use torrent.

Either way, that's breaking the law (not to mention using a torrent opens YOU up to 1) acting as a server distributing illegal software and 2) whatever you download could contain viruses, trojans and other bad things you don't want!

Software theft costs software companies over $53 BILLION a year in lost revenue (link provided below). Downloading and using pirated software costs not only the company, but real live people you'll never meet. By not paying, the company can't hire developers - so pirated software means higher unemployment, which means people have less money to spend in the economy, which means less employment, which... well, you get the idea.

Besides: would stealing software make your mother proud? Is stealing software teaching your children how they should act? Would a company hiring you want a thief for an employee?

We won't talk about Supreme Beings and how they would view stealing. Eh?

I
ve also added a link to the RIAA concerning the estimated 71,000 jobs lost because of illegal music downloads, and the $12.5 BILLION it's costing music companies.

Theft is stealing. Don't do it!
the best way to download windows 7 is to make a account on rapidshare so that it will give you  a fabulous account and you can download full version softwares also
but it will cost you dude don't take tension about money it is a fabulous site to make accounts.
Just buy it it's virtually impossible to get a bootleg version of it.
