Making Money Online??
What are some Legit ways of making money online??

and ideas??

Start an online business.  Or sell things on Ebay.
You can play poker online for money if you are older then 18.  Try poker stars
Mmmmm Do some online surveys if you search for it its hard to find a good website for online surveys.
i am busy so i didnt try too much to find a site but i have done some surveys and earned money like 5$ for a survey .
ebay thing is pretty hard because you have to study the shipping method and lot of things
I use Smart Bargain Hunters to buy stuff cheap online then I resell it on Ebay at close to retail price.  At Smart Bargain Hunters you bid on items and the price goes up by 10 cents each time.  Once time expires the leading bidder wins the item.  You have to pay 60 cents to bid but if you can win an auction after bidding 100 times then you only spent $60 and won a $400 piece of equipment.  Just make sure to be patient and use a good bidding strategy.
I have lots of ways for you to make money online.  I mean lots and lots of ways.  I can't post the websites on here but if you email me and will show you all the sources I use and how I use them.
Most of them are scam.. they ask for upfront payment and guarantee that you'll cover it in days.. but then they disappear..
Maybe try:
http://computereweb.com/wfh-training
they train you for free, show you what to do.
If you are good at writing check into Associated Content, textbroker, wordgigs, and Brighthub.
 Also check out the website for www.makemoneyonline.tonoftips.net for more ways to earn cash online.
Get into internet marketing, it doesn't have to cost you a cent.
Get a site, get traffic to it (a separate blog might help here) and all sales you generate are yours.
This  is one example: http://job--listings.info/MyFreeAffiliateSite
-Start a blog on a subject that interests you then monetize it using google adsense, yahoo marketing, or microsoft pubcenter

- Use a good quality traffic software like http://rapidmasstrafficflow.com

-Go to google trends, look up hot topics then purchase domain names with the hot topic in the name and cash park the domain.

-Join a stock ticker that indicates when certain stocks are going up, otc stocks are great for this. Also go to http://pennystockprophecy.com

- also look into getting a forex platform and learning forex trading. Getting a bot helps greatly so you dont have to be hands on  check out http://stealpipsforex.com and http://fapturbobotsystem.com

-get familiar with affiliate marketing via sharesale, commission junction etc.

Basically, the possibilities are endless. The old days of brick and mortar commerce are nearly over. It's time for people to adapt to the new economy because you won't survive using old industrial age machinations.

Hope I was able to help take care.
Well if you're a sports fan, then try online sports betting. It's REALLY easy, 100% legal and a very fun hobby as well. And the best part is, this website actually provides you with money to start with and they provide you with money every time you run out. So you NEVER run out of money. Just visit this link and you'll be earning money in no time: http://preview.centsports.com/ref/670199
Don't trust the spammers of Yahoo Answers who's account has been created recently. I take surveys every single day and I am a credible source (check how long I've been on Yahoo answers for). Opinionoutpost pays about $8.00 an hour which isn't bad considering you get to listen to music when you are taking surveys. They send you about 3 surveys a day (10-20 minutes each). This is the highest paid survey site I am currently on. Feel free to email me with any questions about this site and fill out the short charts about yourself so they can send more paid surveys to you.

http://OpinionOutpost.com/join/7275641
There are many ways to make money online. You don't need to pay for anything, most of it you can learn on your own.

Most of it involves having your own website then putting ads on it like adsense, or affiliate links.

No, it is not necessarily easy. There is alot of learning involved.

The site below has tons of ebooks on different methods. My recommendation is to read as much as you can. Choose a method, and stick with it.
