Problems with Firefox before and after the 3.6 update?
Has anyone else's browsers been messing up in the last month?
It's driving me mad!  I have to send emails to professors sometimes at deadlines that are quickly approaching, and I write a good solid email and then... "whoops."  So I learned to keep copying my letter just in case.  Well, for whatever reason, when I restart the browser, I can't paste...

This is starting to get to the point of irritation.  I love firefox's customizable options and I'm considering switching to another browser that is similar.  Which one should I choose?  I'm not interested in the bare simplicity of "Opera" nor the stupidity of "Safari."  I definitely don't want "Explorer" again.
EDIT:
I have Windows 7.

I haven't had any issues with Firefox 3.6 on my Windows install. I'm still using 3.5 on my Linux partition, no trouble there either. 

Been experimenting with Chrome of late.
Yes you are not the only one with this problem. 3.6 seems to run great with windows 7 but not so well with XP. You should be able to sort this problem by completely un-installing 3.6 and get 3.58. here.http://www.oldapps.com/firefox.php?old_firefox=75
Save your bookmarks first.
I'm still using version 3.5 because I'm using Linux. But everyone who I know that is using Windows and upgraded to 3.6 has been having troubles. 

You could always try Chrome as a browser.
I was getting that issue also but my problem had to do with the security system I had, it had incompatibility issues with it. I would definitely advise reverting back to the earlier version of firefox and it most likely will rectify the issue.
REM: When uninstalling 3.6 keep your cookies,history etc so that when you install back the 3.5.8 you would be able to find your information.

Google chrome I hear is good, however it depends on what you use the browsers to do. If you are building websites in languages like asp, it is not advisable.
One wonders, 3.6 is the best I have had with my version of xp, and its multitudinous updates, prior to that it kept crashing but was still quicker than extra
