Will this happen soon on the internet?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMqHpzpB6ng



Bad idea: Downloading music on the web

''Its called the Anti Counterfeiting Trade Agreement, and it sets out to enforce intellectual property rights across the world. If you download music, movies, books or anything else copyrighted, ACTA will provide the legal framework to go after internet service providers and potentially shut off your internet connection. The agreement is shrouded in secrecy, but James Love, Director of Knowledge Ecology International is with Alyona to provide details. '' 

......................................бн


in this interview by russia today the guy is saying that america is going to enforce a world wide law , even in europe - of if you get caught downloading anything illegally like film or music , your ISP ( internet service provider ) will cut you off from the internet forever.

this news headline depressed me quite a bit as i am from england .

any comments ?  


and what would the people do  that have material already on their computer, like music, films etc ?

do i face being cut off from the net ?
so far  , nobody has actually answered the questions i posed

Yes it will; it is an unprecedented instep into civil rights that can't be tolerated and should cease immediately. It is against the First Amendment.
i try not to, but its so tempting isnt it.
and then other people have to do it on my pc anyways :P

no, its the god damn providers who should be taken down, OOOHH they say, its much easier to stop the accounts of millions of users than it is to shut down and arrest the very few providers.

shame on them, they should all concentrate on making TV and Film better.
rather than spending millions trying to stop people from watching it.

like many musicians say, " i am just glad people appreciate the music".
of course they deserve to be paid, i always buy stuff that i like.
damn, i dont think that would work, i lot of ppl would be pissed and sharing files would be difficult

if had to pay for all of the software and music i've downloaded illegally i would owe thousands of dollars lol
Ah, conspiracy theories, I 'member them days. So I have 2 answers for you, pick the one that suites you best.

Simple truth: Illegal downloads are illegal, don't do it. They wont take away your internet but will pull money out your a$$ and may take a few years of your freedom.

The answer you may want to hear: The government is a fat lie, barricade yourself at home and have no life until the apocalypse!
I doubt that highly. 

You made a good distinction there though that I think deserves more consideration. You said *if* you get caught downloading some copyrighted content. As long as you're not a customer of some truly evil ISP, there's no reason to expect that third-parties are eavesdropping on your connection. This wouldn't change things to any great extent. It would just force European ISPs to more readily hand over customer information when it's relevant to complaints from United States-based IP owners. Lots of European ISPs are already totally cooperative in this respect, so it doesn't mean much. 

My point here is that ISPs wouldn't be required to do any monitoring of their users, so the only way that a user would be affected by this regulation is if he or she was going to be caught anyway (via  a third-party monitoring agent such as MediaSentry and the like).

That bit about making ISPs themselves accountable for the infringements of their customers, by the way, is ludicrous. In United States, telekoms offering telephone line based services like DSL and ISDN enjoy common carrier status. ISPs such as cable or FTTB/FTTH providers don't (I think...), but the latter is just a blip on the radar screen in U.S. market anyway. 

So that liability stuff is just scare tactics, completely implausible.
