How do you get more followers on twitter?
How do you get more followers on twitter? My Twitter: JERICHOFAN4LIFE
http://twitter.com/JERICHOFAN4LIFE
I have a youtube 
http://www.youtube.com/user/1JERICHOFAN4LIFE

You gotta be something interesting, if you aren't, then what's the point?
You can't just arbitrarily make people join you.  Get recognized on youtube or facebook, then when you do, you got followers who have no life of their own, like me :D
Interacting with people lets others know you are neither spam nor a bot. Also try searching people that have the same interests that you do, follow and connect with them.
TweetMiner has a friend suggestion feature that you might find useful. You can enter search keywords and it will work 24/7 looking for people who match the search keywords you enter.

So let's say you were interested in cars you could enter search keywords like #autos, #cars, #vans, #mechanic

It's good to use #tags because then you can be sure you're finding people who went to the trouble of writing a #hashtag in their tweet.

When TM makes the suggestions you can simply click a "follow" button. hopefully they will follow you back and now you've found a follower who you share stuff in common with.

Check out the short "Grow Your Following" section on this page.... http://tweetminer.net/demo

TweetMiner is Free (but does have some subscription plans for power users)

You can also do the same thing on twitter (but it's more of a manual process) by going to search.twitter.com and entering in your #tags there and seeing if anyone interesting comes back in the search results. However I will say TweetMiner makes the process easier!

Hope this helps!
You get followers on Twitter by following others. However, you want to follow people who are interested in the things that you are interested in. Therefore, you want to make a list of things that you are interested in or a list of things that you will be primarily discussing via your Twitter page and then find people who are tweeting about those things.

Once you have your list, sign-up for this free Twitter application (see link below) that will allow you to set-up your list of keywords and follow up to 30 people who are tweeting about them. There is a strong possibility that these people will follow you back because of a shared interest.

Here's the link to sign up for the free application: 

http://tweetspinner.com/7091707

Join my Facebook Fan page called Web Marketers Speak or send an @reply via Twitter to 
http://www.twitter.com/webmktrsspk if you need further assistance.
I followed you.  @targetfollow

I find Twitter trains a great way to get followers.  First, you sign into the website, follow people, then you get added to the train.  Once you're on the train, people that sign up then have to follow you.  It's all people looking to get more followers, so it works well.  Give this one a try:  http://targetfollowers.com
