Mozilla Firefox Not working, But Internet Exploer Is...  How Do I Get Mozilla To Work Again?
I tried updating my Mozilla Firefox and that worked at first.  It was slow to log on, but it got me on.  However, since then when I click on the icon on my desk top the hour glass comes on and then disappears.  The program to make it work is running, but it won't actually work.  How can I actually get on Mozilla Firefox again.
Do I have to remove the Mozilla Fire Fox first?  I thought updating it at the site (using Internet Explorer to get there) automatically did that.  Yes, I updated it that way already.  I feel this could be a sign of something bigger...  What do you think?
ZOOMJET!  You Are Correct.... This suggestion worked!   "Open task manager (press CTRL+ALT+DEL together) and under the processes tab look for firefox.exe - if it's there, right click->end process.".... .  
Thank you so much!
ZoomJet..  If you could, please tell us in your answer how this happpened and how we can prevent this from happening again.. Thanks

Try Reinstalling you mozilla firefox brower again and i can also recommend you to start using google chrome it's far quicker for browsing
First make sure firefox is not running in memory

open task manager (press CTRL+ALT+DEL together) and under the processes tab look for firefox.exe - if it's there, right click->end process.

Try opening firefox in safe mode

go to start->all programs->mozilla firefox->safe mode

if firefox opens normally, it suggests a bad add-on - possibly an extension or toolbar - go to Tools->add-ons and disable or uninstall any you think may be the cause of the problem

also (with firefox still open) press CTRL+SHIFT+DEL together and clear history, cookies and cache

Close firefox (safe mode) and try opening it normally. Good luck.
In firefox go to "file" then at the bottom of the drop down menu it says "work offline"  if there is a check next to "work offline" then you will be working offline.  To amend this just click "work offline" and that will remove the check mark and you should be good.
give up on firefox it has too many problems in the latest editions try orca, k-meleon or flock all mozilla browsers like firefox but faster and without the problems, firefox help and mozillazine both deny there are any problems but there are hundreds of reported problems with firefox all over the internet. check your task manager firefox sometimes opens multiple times and freezes the computer without opening any windows something mozillazine "experts" say is impossible

