What is the BEST Web Browser for ME right now?
Hey everybody!

I know this question is probably asked quite a bit, but I need an UPDATED answer!  
I consider myself a very computer savvy person but even I wonder what the best Browser is for my needs!
  Right now I am running Firefox on all my laptops and I am pretty satisfied with it, but I continue to wonder if there is not something better out there and faster.
  I am looking for speed, GREAT SECURITY, and functionality.  I think i might now be looking for something with a little bit more prettiness to it, if that makes sense.
  And yes I am a Woman who uses computers and is very tech savvy in my opinion but I am not looking for a theme with flowers in it.  I just mean I might want a browser that looks as good as my new VAIO laptop does (Which I just might get some flower stickers and stick them on the front cover just to upset some of you men!)!  
(I had a guy at Best Buy who said, "A chick shouldn't know so much about computers...damn girl!" And then he followed me everywhere around the store.  I thought it was cute and flattering but yes some women do like computers!)
  Anyway, sorry about the RANT, but what do you think is the best browser right now?  Is Google Chrome getting better?
Your right Trevor, I should have added the comment about what the best buy guy implied about women and how we are with computers!  However it really stuck in my head that guy, mostly because of how crazy he was about best buy.  The guy kept messing with my younger brother implying that he didn't know what he was talking about.  For instance, my brother said, "Well 1080p is the best HD right?"  And the salesman said, "Ugh no...actually there is something coming out no from samsung which is even a higher resolution than 1080p and IT'S the highest resolution out there."  He kept doing that all the time...lol!  My brother thinks it was because the guy thought that we were dating at first until we told him we were brother and sister.  But I am sorry if I seemed sexist because I didn't mean to!
in the above it should say, "shouldn't have added", not , "should".

my 2 cents.  firefox without plug ins is faster as it's smaller. ie is more reliable to me. opera is said to have the best security. mixed reports about chrome.  i use sea monkey and ie. and a few others worth a glance.
First of all, your sexism sickens me. Not all men will tell you that you shouldn't know about computers, you are fighting sexism with more sexism. It is sexist to say "Get back into the kitchen and make me a sandwich" but it is also sexist to say "The only thing that men say to me is 'get back into the kitchen and make me a sandwich." 

So, for security, firefox is fine, google chrome is ok, but i would stick with firefox for your needs.
