what's the best web browser to have?
currently i have windows explorer 8.

what would be the differences between windows 8 and another browser?
would anything i'm used to on windows 8 change?
would i still have my favourite list?
would have have to re-install toolbars, etc?

I would say Opera, i'm currently using Opera 10.5 Pre-Alpha and it's really good, very fast and secure
Most people here will say Mozilla firefox but i hate that
I think that FireFox is the browser that rules all other browsers - and in a few years it will (hopefully) be the most used one aswell..

The difference: Speed enhancement, more secure & more customizeable (You can install AddOns easily from a huge selection of AddOns.

The change: It loooks quite a lot like Internet Explorer - it has some extra neat features though, but other than that it's pretty much the same.. Except if you go into the advanced stuff of course.

For your last two questions: No, none of this will be included on FireFox when you install it - HOWEVER, you're able to import the browserhistory of Internet Explorer when you install FireFox - This should include you favorites list. As for the toolbars, you'd have to install that all over..
I use firefox. Its free and when installing it will ask if you want to import for favorites. not sure about toolbars but I know they are easy to get.
I think you are referring to Internet Explorer 8. I have used it ever since it came out and have had no problems, but it certainly wouldn't qualify as being the best. I personally prefer Firefox, but I've heard Opera is really good, too. A lot of people say it is faster and safer to use than Firefox. I don't know. I have tried the Google Chrome, but I can't seem to get into it. It is just too different for me, I guess. It will ultimately come down to personal preference these days. As far as I know, none of them have any killer features to set them apart much.
I have to use Internet Explorer 8 at work, but I mainly use Firefox at home. I just like it better. It seems to run a little cleaner. There are some things I find run better on IE (like any Microsoft-based site), but other than that I love Firefox. I would much rather use it than any other. For the most part I think it runs just like IE, just has slight aesthetic differences.

If you download Firefox, it will automatically detect that you have favorites in IE and will ask you if you want to copy them over. You may need to re-install toolbars, I can't remember.
As Scott already told you: Most people would say Mozilla firefox, but I'm quite happy with Windows Internet Explorer 8. I don't see why should I, or anyone else in that matter, change it to something else.
fire fox
Safari, for me it is the best and VERY fast.
All I can say is, I was an avid user and supporter of firefox.

until I heard about Opera 10.51

I was blown away. I was gonna just "trial" it and go back to ff most likely. but it turned out that I NEVER looked back.

Give yourself a week of customising it to ur liking and getting used to the AWESOME features that come with it and if you don't like it then, I give you my sincerest apologies.

It makes me wonder why more people don't use this browser.

It has been independently proven many many times to be THE FASTEST browser on earth. Plus, it is more reliable AND secure than Chrome. I really don't see how anyone can choose anything else. If they like the "look" of chrome, opera comes stock standard looking like it. I prefer the look of firefox so i simply checked a few boxes in preferences and voila.

OPERA 10.51
As others have said Opera 10.51 is pretty damn good and is now my personal browser of choice for Windows XP. Opera is free and very secure; also, on older systems, it seem to be much faster than other browsers. Just behind Opera comes Firefox which is very customisable but in my opinion more clunky than its more polished rival Opera. Why not give them both a go as both come with the same price - nothing?!
