Did you ever get ripped off from ebay? %100 feedback?
Did anyone here ever get ripped off from Ebay, I just want to know what my chances are for getting ripped off. So what are they? Also, where it says they have %100 Feedback on the seller's item or page, does that even count for anything? Can they cheat anyway and make that go up themselves. Like maybe make separate accounts and give himself good feedback. Thanks

I have been ripped of on ebay, but I don't know about feedback
If you are a buyer it's nowadays very difficult to get ripped off. 100% feedback with a high quantity rating usually does mean a trustworthy and reliable seller, and even if you do experience a problem which doesn't seem to be getting resolved you can dispute and get your money back rather easily. In fact, I would say the whole system is flawed and biased to benefit buyers mostly.
No but if you do get cheated u can sue EASILLY!
I've never been ripped off as in didn't get anything back, but I've gotten false(fake) items.

And as far as the 100% postive, I believe it. Yes, they could make a second account and give themselves postive feedback, and I'm sure some do...But most of the time it's real.
Don't believe me?--Look for reviews from the sellers previous buyers, there should be allot of them which all different things to say, pointing out good and bad things.
Never with a 100% Feedback! When I used PayPal to pay, I was always able to get my money back if the seller didn't come through.  But if you are that distrustful, maybe you would be better off shopping at a store!
I was ripped off on ebay. I won a Tiffany bracelet that was advertised as authentic with certification papers.  When I got it I took to the Tiffany store in Los Angeles and they laughed at me.  Ebay did nothing but when I gave bad feedback, the seller became verbally hostile and I kept getting emails from ebay asking me to change my mind about the seller.  It was crazy so I never dealt with ebay again.  Now this was when ebay first started, I believe they have a policy in place for fraudulent items. So I say pay at your own risk.
You can get ripped of anywhere.  Most of  us don't cause we take precaution like you.  Same with eBay.  As long as you do your homework before bidding, you should be in good shape.  FB (feed backs) are importent factor for any buyer before they bid. For example,  If I were to buy a  fairly expensive, laptop, I will make sure that sellers has atleast 98% of FB.  Higher the ratings, much reliable seller is  I prefer US domestic sellers.  I try to avoid HK, CH,  
DO NOT ever reply an e-mail appears to be from eBay, whi you receive in your personal mail box.  Good chance to get ripped of or get user account hecked.  Always retreive your e-mail by going directly to eBay domain.  And reply back form there.  If some one is offering something outside of eBay, do not go for it.  Chances are you will get ripped off.  Always make payments through PayPal.  There is a PayPal charge.  Trust me, it is worth it.
Any more question, you may contact me .
