Is there any free hosting site like webs (once freewebs)?
I knew it as freewebs before, now it's called webs.

Anyways, is there any free hosting site like this? I'm trying to manage a bunch of pages on one of my sites, but right now, it's really messy and confusing. I don't think I have the time to clean it up or anything.

So, is there any site relatively similar to webs? The only thing I'm looking for is a site where I don't have to use one of their template and you can upload images (or just files in general, because I need to upload my layouts). If possible, ad-free.

Then again, I think webs is the best free hosting site there is. . . Or out of what I've seen.

So, y!A, do you know any sites like webs?

Free Webs are Free Website Provider that is Totally Differ from the website Hosting,In here http://www.tucktail.com/ You can register the Domain name at low cost means You can get the Free hosting..If you need to host your site own also need get the Many free service,also selling Domain Name registration,Hosting plans means You can reach here http://www.goresellers.com/
You can get a full-fledge cPanel hosting from Hostgator for free. Want to know the secret? Learn how at the source below.

Good luck.
I suggest you go with 000webhost
http://www.000webhost.com/224273.html 

This has a file manager where you can upload your own stuff without having to use their templates.
You can try AlterVista: http://en.altervista.org/
It gives 200MB free hosting with PHP4/5 and mySQL. You can upload your files with FTP and ads are optional.
Free web hosting companies come with ad banners which can be quite annoying to your users. Rather, you can try cheap and economical web hosting. I'd recommend you iPage. When you register a domain name you usually require a web hosting. iPage brings you a convenience. You can now book an iPage free domain registration great with your web hosting package. You can also get the web hosting plans a discounts: http://www.webhostingbreak.com/ipage-coupon/
