Beezid,is it real?or a scam?
saw a commercial on tv and it looks pretty cool but to good to be true so,anyone know anything about it?

u knw when people say if its to good 2 be true its probably because it is!
if it was true they wouldnt need 2 advertise it so much, i doubt u can get a ps3 for 3 dollars thats just not right!
Both actually, lol.  Beezid is a legit site, but they require you to buy bids.  The auctions start at $0.00 and increase by 1 cent, 25 cents or a few dollars at a time.  So every time you bid, it raises the price.  The catch is that you have to buy bids.  You can 20, 50, 100, 200 bids, etc.  That's how they make their money.  Hope this helps.
its real, but its not as good as they say, i also say the commercial and found it interesting, so i checked it out only to find out that they give you 3 bids which are basically nothing because 3 bids are a drop in the bucket compaired to how many people are bidding on 1 product, and in order to get more bids, you have to buy them, the cheapest is like 30 for $27.
Yes Beezid.com is very real and they are not a scam..this is how they work just in case ;)

Beezid.com charges you for bid packs which are around 60 cents per bids..if you click bid then you just spent 60cents..so if you bid 100 bids you just spent 60bucks..I have won/paid for 10 items on there a 55" lg tv 2 wiis and playstation3 to name a few..to sum it up they use the mass of people bidding on something to pay for that item..the tv I won/paid for went for $193 and some change which meant they made $11,580 bucks on a $2,000 tv but all the other people who bid against me lost their money with nothing to show for it..and yes there is a catch when and what time to bid..the best time to bid is when everyone who has been bidding for hours on something use up their bids and then you step in and get it for just a few bids......so SCAM NO...just a huge money maker for its owner and a deal for who ever wins/pays for the item.
Beezid doesn't make their money from selling the stuff, they make it buy selling bids.

You have to buy bids, which is about 80 dollars for 100 bids.

So a PS3 sold for 6.52... ya but that's 652 bids... So around 500 dollars?  They still profit
