does beezid.com really work?


Web of Trust gives it a very bad rating:

http://www.mywot.com/en/scorecard/beezid.com

while SiteAdvisor is more lenient, although all its reviewers seem to have had negative experiences also:

http://www.siteadvisor.com/sites/beezid.com

I'd steer clear.
I think I may have answered your other Q? about beezid so i will just copy and paste :P

I have used them and yes it works... if you are very careful but if you are not careful then it can get real expensive real fast..i will do my best to explain:::

Beezid.com charges you for bid packs which are around 60 cents per bids..if you click bid then you just spent 60cents..so if you bid 100 bids you just spent 60bucks..I have won/paid for 10 items on there a 55" lg tv 2 wiis and playstation3 to name a few..to sum it up they use the mass of people bidding on something to pay for that item..the tv I won/paid for went for $193 and some change which meant they made $11,580 bucks on a $2,000 tv but all the other people who bid against me lost their money with nothing to show for it..and yes there is a catch when and what time to bid..the best time to bid is when everyone who has been bidding for hours on something use up their bids and then you step in and get it for just a few bids......so SCAM NO...just a huge money maker for its owner and a deal for who ever wins/pays for the item.

ps: I have around $645 tied up in the tv i got there $362 for the bids i used $193 i paid for the item and the $90 shipping charge. not a bad deal for me on a $2000 tv but a real sour taste left in the mouths of all those who bid and got nothing

Hope This Helps.

pss: I have gotten every single item from them and have had nothing but great support from their staff when i needed it..they even returned my calls to my home and my cell..when I had Q?s about my 55" tv..also since then I have gotten another tv which is a Sharp 52" worth over $1600 and have only $261 bucks in it.
Beezid does work and it is not a scam.  If Beezid is a scam then so is the lottery.  You pay for bids and try to win big savings with those bids (same concept as the lottery).  However, with Beezid you at least have some degree of control.  I would recommend finding a similar, but less popular, website that is just starting out.   If you do that then you have less users to compete with.  Which means lower prices and using less bids.  Smartbargainhunters.com is only a week old and has far fewer users than Swoopo or Beezid.  You can usually win without ever using  more than 100 bids on one product. 100 bids is equivalent to $60 and most of the products are worth at least twice that.
