If I sell on eBay, will they take the shipping cost from the amount the buyer pays?
So I'm getting ready to post a watch for sale on eBay, and I'm not too clear on the shipping method. So let's say I post the watch for sale at $50. When I'm set up with a buyer, and the money is paid to the PayPal account, if I post free shipping, will eBay automatically take the shipping cost from the balance that the buyer paid? If I post a specific amount for shipping, will eBay take that from the balance the buyer paid?

It is for you to indicate the cost of shipping in your listing.  If you advertise free shipping, the shipping will then be at your own expense.  The buyer is supposed to pay the item price plus whatever amount is indicated for shipping as one amount
No matter what, all the money from the sale geos to you.  eBay does not take any money for shipping.  That is your costs to bear.  If you say free shipping, that is money you pay.

If you charge for shipping, then you add that amount to the bid for the seller's total due to you after the auction ends.

Either way, you bear those costs, whether you get reimbursed from the buyer or not.
No, if you list your item on ebay you will be asked about shipping, if you choose free shipping the buyer will not charged shipping cost i.e. you will pay shipping cost.
one more thing don't forget that ebay and pay pal will charge you too (both about 20%) so keep it in mind while listing.
the only benefit of free shipping is to attract more buyers.
let me know if you have other questions.
When you put the item on for auction you state how much the P&P will cost, say $10 for example for a padded envelope plus actual postage. The buyer pays this along with the winning bid so $60 in total.  All this is stated clearly on the auction when you list the item so the buyer knows exactly what they have to pay before they bid.  

You can offer free shipping if you like but if its going to cost you $10 to ship the item then really you are only making $40 on the watch and by the time you have paid the Ebay insertion fees, Ebay final value fees and paypal fees this might be down to $30.  

Ebay does not have anything to do with your shipping costs nor do they deduct anything from your Paypal account. 

You really need to read up on selling before you start, there are help pages that take you through it stage by stage. There is more to it than meets the eye.  If the item you are selling is uncommon then offer it as an auction style "bidding" auction. If there are 100s of the same item on Ebay offer it as a Buy it Now auction and keep the price low.  

Also you have to weigh the package carefully so you know how much postage to charge if you decide to charge postage. Its easy to make a mistake and more of your profit will be gone in postage costs.
