Selling gift cards on ebay . . .?
I have never used ebay before so these questions are only for people who have used ebay and are experienced with it thanks!! My question is I have a couple $400 gift cards I want to sell on ebay and have never used ebay before. First of all I want to make sure I do not get scammed obv. My question is will I recieve the $ before I send the card or how does that work? Second is it true that after someone already pays for something on ebay they can cancel the payment(so if they pay for the giftcard and I send it, then they can cancel they payment and I get screwed?)? Any comments or thoughts would be greatly appreciated!! Last question which is general is there any other better sites or ways to sell the giftcards for $? Thanks again!

Ok so basically you put up your item on ebay, either buy it now, which u set a specific price for someone to pay, or u can put it for auction. After the item has been sold, and you've gotten your money on your pay-pal, you can go ahead and send it to them.
Read more about it on here: http://pages.ebay.com/help/index.html
Set up a paypal account first as this is how the majority of buyers will pay also it takes a little while to get verified.
When a buyer buys your item, you will be notified by paypal to say that the buyer has paid either instantly or a echeque (dont send until it clears, its like a normal cheque) Also as you are a new seller Paypal will hold the funds for 21 days or until the buyer has left feedback.  Might be a good idea to check out paypals  FAQ.
Scammers tend to target newbie sellers so be careful! Never EVER send to Nigeria 100% scam & always send to the buyers Paypal address. Also there are NO third parties that hold money in trust or some crap like that.

There are buyer blocks on ebay that you can set to prevent these scammers & non paying bidders such as "countries you dont post too"  "non verified members" etc see the site map on how to do this buyer requirements I think its called.

Also a good place to ask questions & learn from experienced ebay members is ebays community forums/answer board, much better then asking on YA.  So if you are UNSURE of anything it doesnt hurt to ask.
& ALWAYS  ALWAYS ALWAYS especially for high priced items send by trackable/signature delivery, this is to prevent the buyer saying I didnt receive it (if you cant provide proof paypal will return their payment)

Some buyers tend to avoid new sellers, so it might be a good idea to buy some things you want & build up your feedback. Its also teaches you a little about how ebays transactions work.
Read the selling tutorials (see site map) & view other similiar items to see how the seller has presented the item.

All I can think of at the moment

Hope this has been some help...it sounds daunting I admit but when you know how it works it can be fun.
