complaint against me for cyberstalking and harassment?
my husband's ex wife and I hate each other. She lives in one state, we live in another. She refuses to let us have regular meaningful visitation with the child.
So I joined a father's rights board on yahoo. At the time I was naive and had no idea about the privacy settings. I would come up on the scene as my maiden name (At the time I didn't care because I wasn't doing anything wrong) Anyway, I explained my situation, we would discuss matters live denied visitation, how to gain custody, things that were going on that annoyed us, etc. I never used name, and only relayed which states we were in because the laws are different everywhere.
She works for CPS and has alway bullied us. She told me once that she could get my kids talken from me and that because she knew the judges in her area she could make sure my husband never saw his kid again.
Anyway... She has all of our numbers, our address but she chose to email us using her work email because she restricts our ability to contact her. She kept asking for money and it was upsetting my husband and I. So one night I emailed her back and said please stop emailing us at this email address. Well she didn't. This along with other things she had done, prompted me to call her job. I only asked them to have her stop they wanted her emails and a statement from me.
the charges were unfounded but I don't know how. she emailed me after she was asked not to.
Anyway.
Shortly after that (because the job forgot to take my email address off the top of the complaint) she started following me around the internet she went into my unsecured yahoo account and looked at every question I ever wrote. She then called the cops on me because she was, according to the cop"unhappy that I was talking about her and her family"
I asked the cop what I did wrong, he couldn't tell me.
So I changed my name my password and beefed up my security settings, well she found me again by lurking in the places I had been before. This time she posts on the group, "you aren' t fooling me, leave my family alone". Again I hadn't used names and I was not treatening and if she hadn't been stalking me she would not know it was me. I also caught her online trying to ask me questions under and assumed name.
Now, because I continue to use the father's rights board, and because I sent the letter to her job, and because I talked to her child's principal while my husband was getting out of the shower. She filed a complaint against me for cyberstalking and harassment.
Will it go any where? Did I do anything wrong? What am I looking at. She is in PA and I am in MD.

See a lawyer and fully explain the situation
