Why is it that so many people online can't seem to use proper spelling and grammar?
What I want to know is how and why so many people let their elementary-school education in basic English go out the door as soon as they start typing.

because the computer usually corrects things for them.  for me, it just takes longer to capitolize things, or check for grammer, and spelling errors.  You understand what i'm saying right?  then why do you care whether it is correct or not?
Why should they have to,  As long as wat is said is understandable
God is Great, Beer is Good, and People are Lazy.

It is ironic, I did a spelling and Grammar check on your fine question. BTW, You failed.
you gotta' problem? I'm in 8th grade I can both type and spell correctly or I can use txt talk or whatever I want, just like anyone on the internet who wants to can. It's not your business how people type and communicate, as long as the point gets across.

Anyhow, sometimes people are posting/typing stuff from their mobile devices so they can't really take the time and speak proper english.

Again, you're concerning yourself with things beyond your control and if people dun have the luxury or don't wanna to type in full sentences w/ perfect spelling and capitalization and punctuation and more crap like a lil nerd, then that's their business.
Bless you!  I can only applaud your question.  To me, it is at best rude and inconsiderate.  I am typically a fast reader, and every time someone uses bad grammar, fails to capitalize a proper noun or the first word in a sentence it slows my read speed considerably.  Using "u" for "you" and similar text shorthand slows me even more.  Typos I can handle and forgive.  I certainly make enough myself, but if you have something to communicate, at least try to do it semi-intelligently.

So why, you ask?  Some of it is due to people who are learning English as a second, or maybe even a third language.  Some of it is laziness and a tremendous lack of consideration and some of it is simply what I call (May I use a pun here?) Thanks!  Some if it is simply un-principal-ed so-called English teachers who do not teach English principles very well if at all and let high school students slide by with errors for which a third grader should be flunked.  The administrator for the entire public school system here where I live uses such poor grammar I cringe sometimes reading her quotes in the newspaper.  One of these days I am going to go to a school board meeting and after she ways, "We have got to do this!" I am going to stand up and ask her where she got her got.  Or maybe I will say,, ¡°Good! Since we have got to do it, I think we should sit down and let our got do it for us!¡±  I think it is fine for the average Joe or Jane to be a bit sloppy, but educators, professional speakers and writes should be held to a higher standard.  I have been told so many times that "have got" is proper that I have gotten tired of hearing it.  I think if "have got" is proper, then so is "got have."   Think I would turn any heads were I to go to a school board meeting and say, "We got have to do this!"

A little bit I can tolerate, but if you are so lazy that you type ¡°ur¡± for ¡°your¡± or ¡°ppl¡± for ¡°people¡± then I can only shake my head, and more than likely ignore your question or answer and likely assume your IQ is approaching negative numbers.

Parting shot and rhetorical question.  Have you ever seen a place where ¡°lol¡± was even appropriate?  In my view, with few exceptions the only thing it has ever done anyplace I have seen it was detract from what had been written.

Thank you for your question.  You have helped restore my faith in the younger generation.  (Younger generation is anyone younger than me.  I am twenty-nine and holding.  Holding on for dear life, that is!)

Edit:  Kevin, you just made my point and that point was, you are failing to communicate to some extent and maybe a great extent unless you use some basic standards.  Thanks for the wonderful example.

smikk, I understand, but it takes me four times as long to read something when I have to decode and decipher, why you wrote included.  That is simply inconsiderate.  I am doing you a favor by reading what you wrote.  Even if you are answering one of my questions, you are doing me no favors when you use such atrocious grammar.  I have found that sloppy grammar almost always reflects sloppy thinking, and I think Nordika has a great future ahead of her.  You?  I am not so sure.
