Are there free online storage sites that allow file sizes over 1GB?
I was going to upload some files to MSN SkyDrive, which has a 25GB limit.  Then I found out that each file must be under 50MB, so that won't work.  Are there any free sites that allow large file sizes?

Thanks!

i use sharefileupload they allow huge files
www.esnips.com-5GB
www.4shared.com -10GB (200 MB size limitation per file)
www.Adrive.com
50GB of storage
2GB file upload Limit
Free site
http://zumodrive.com/
ZumoDrive is the hybrid cloud storage for all of your media. You can access your music, photos, and documents from anywhere with your favorite applications. You don't have to think, or sync your files again, it just works. ZumoDrive's hybrid cloud storage also means you will never have to worry about running out of space.

https://www.backblaze.com/
Backblaze backs up all your data - no questions asked. No picking files. No digging through folders. All your data is backed up. Your data is backed up online to BackBlaze data-centers, so nothing can touch it. Restore from the web or get a DVD or USB drive sent via FedEx.

http://www.livedrive.com/
With Livedrive, you get all the normal features: backup, sharing, mobile access and a web portal to manage and upload your files. In addition, you get an L: drive on your computer so you can access your online storage directly without having to use the web. This means you can just drag files onto your Livedrive like any normal USB drive.

http://www.filemail.com/
Filemail is a free service that you can use to send an unlimited number of files up to 2GB each to anyone with an email address.

http://www.freedrive.com/
FreeDrive is a personal storage and file sharing service designed for users of social networks, such as Facebook, MySpace and Bebo. With just a single FreeDrive account, users can access both their own files and their friend's files from within any social network they happen to be on.

https://www.sendalong.com/
Just like a regular email, enter email addresses to send the files to, choose the files to upload, and click to send.

http://wikisend.com/
With Wikisend it`s simple and free. Upload and download lots of files, big files, small files, data files, media files, archives or backups - any files. Share files with your friends using E-mail, MySpace page, your blog, forums and so on.

http://www.mydatabus.com/
Free online file storage and file sharing for College students and Faculty by myDataBus. The free service allows you to transfer, store, browse, retrieve and share documents, photos, music and videos on any desktop or laptop.
http://www.driveway.com/
DriveWay allows you to select files to park - 500 MB max for each upload, unlimited total storage, no download limits. Also, create multi-user capable editable links for your office documents for collaborative sharing using Driveway¡¯s patent pending edit widgets technology. You can now edit shared documents with a single click from desktop instead of traditional method of saving it to your local computer and emailing it back.

http://divshare.com/
divShare to provide a simple and reliable way to show off photos, documents, music, and all your other creations. Whether you¡¯re just posting one file or setting up an account and personalizing your download pages, it¡¯s the web¡¯s best way to put your stuff in the spotlight.

http://www.mailbigfile.com/
Many ISP's limit the size of files that can be attached to an email, often as little as 10 or 20 MB's is the maximum size. Or perhaps you've received a large file by email in the past and found that you have to wait whilst it downloads before you can see the rest of your emails? Well, now there's an alternative - and it won't cost you a penny.
