How to stop the snoring and grinding?
Im loosing sleep because my partner snores and grind his teeth, he's feels so bad and really wants to get help, but he doesn't want to go to the dentist! Is there a natural way to deal with his problems.

try the health section 
this is the computer section
The dentist can not necessarily help, except for repairing the teeth damage that he has done!  Grinding of the teeth is a disorder known as Bruxism.  Check out the two links below by talk about sleep &  Web MD

Try the pharmacy, there is a new snoring remedy out, can not remember the name right now; but then again here in Europe it is called something else than in the USA.
He really needs to see his doctor and get a referral to a sleep clinic. 

Sleep disorders are quite common which is why there are specialist sleep clinics in major hospitals.
put one of those gags that you guys use during sex (and i know you know what i'm talking about) and just shove it in his mouth until he stops snoring and keep it there so he doesn't grind his teeth.
For those of you who have snoring problems, you know what kind of pain it causes your family members when they have to suddenly wake up 3AM in the morning to find out what that loud blasting is all about.

Well, there are many methods currently today to stop snoring including an anti-snoring watch, anti-snoring spray, and even nose surgeries to stop snoring.

For those of you who want more natural method to stop snoring for good, you might want to take a look at

http://best-anti-snoring.info

The anti-snoring device works by keeping your lower jaw more or less closed that increase your airflow thus eliminating your snores.

I know some of my friends have tried this with some good results, let me know how it works for you if you try it.

How it works ¨C Snoring research has shown that a jaw supporter, keeping the lower jaw in an upward position increases the three dimensional space in the airway, reduces air velocity and soft tissue vibration. This action can eliminate or substantially reduce snoring.

A jaw supporter is based on the same principle as CPR. The airway must be open to allow air to pass through the throat. A constricted or collapsed airway causes snoring and/or OSA. A jaw supporter can hold the lower jaw in a position so that it does not fall backwards/down during the night and cause the airway to collapse. Maintaining a clear airway improves breathing and reduces snoring.

If you want to try it, you can get it here

http://best-anti-snoring.info
During the times, snoring  has been a social trouble that has led to bridal friction in the bedroom. Snoring has caused literally millions of couplings to separation throughout the globe, and in excessive cases has even led to kill. At the very least in my matter for example, it has been the cause of a greatly diminished sensual libido.

Face it, after listening to my partner snoring all night, the last thing I feel like is having sex. For starters, I am absolutely exhausted from lack of sleep and find my partner most unattractive after what he has put me through.

One day a mate of mine, with the same inconvenience suggested he should try Snoring Mouth Guard . It worked from day one, and I am so thankful that both of us are now getting a full night sleep. When we wake up in the morning we are like newly weds and our marriage has been rejuvenated. Thank goodness for Snoring Mouth Guard it really is superb.
SNORING nearly ruined my life!!

MY LAST RESORT 

" People that have never snored will find it difficult to understand the crushing blow that the ego takes when this event happens". My story is similar to the millions of snorers out there in the world. "Banished to the spare bedroom I had reached an important crossroad in my marriage & my life", I leans back thinking of the difficult snoring days and states "At first I went for a surgical solution, however dispite this being very expensive and extremely painful the procedure was not successful and the snoring did not stop. I then found the jaw supporter and have been using it ever since, with complete success, my life is back to normal and I am feeling great".
