Which page should my blog be on (in my online portfolio website)?
I recently read a lot about how designers/artists can benefit from blogs on their portfolio websites. Some designers go as far as to claim that having the blog as the MAIN page (directly at the www.example.com as opposed to www.example.com/blog) is the way to go. They say it is the ideal way to improve one's SEO capabilities.
Is this true? Isn't the work supposed to be the most important part? I am worried that I would start slacking off and not giving the blog much of my time, but I am also beginning to suspect that blogs increase traffic, especially if they're on the main page and are well-written. What do you think?

I also think that the blog should be the main page or page of entry. And all other pages like Portfolio etc should be linked to this page aesthetically and non-ambiguously.

Why I think so:

People put a lot of stress on SEO. I'm not saying it's not important. But it's important to pull a blog among equals. But the real traffic puller is the content and it raises a blog above many equals. My view , that a blog should be the main page, resides on the following:

People consider web, as some entity which is disconnected from the real world. And the reality is Web and real world are just the same. It's the people who run and use both. So how one behaves on web is more or less the same as how he/she behaves, thinks and acts in real world.

Consider this: How will a person you are talking to react, if you talk about your art all the time ?

Obviously, he'll lose interest in your art and more importantly in you.

Or take another example, "Do you talk to all, irrespective of what they do and how they relate to you about your art?  The answer is: No you don't. 

In the same way, will it be good to target anyone who happens to be on web, as someone who likes art or who can spread your art? Like real world, there may be many people who will want to interact with you as a person and not as an artist. 

Hence when we create our blog as our main page, we interact with people on a personal level. And if the visitor happens to be an art lover or an art pro, then he/she moves on to our portfolio as well.

Hope, I conveyed my point coherently.

Thanks
