Why do certain individuals and/or groups harass, and  even try to destroy people online?
You know the ones - nice ones who mean no harm, kind, caring, friendly, and such then all of a sudden there is a vicious hate campaign against these individuals powered either by one person or a group, often with so much vitriol that in the end the targeted person flees.

I have seen this many a time, and its disgusting.

What are your opinions on this?

How do you fight back?

Can you?

Is it best to run?

Opinions please.

One word comes to mind. Morons.
you can not fight them...ignore them...i agree with you, disgusting
yesterady was a big example for that they try to hurt my friend Sweetie,,anyways let them go to hell....i dont care about such people..i just block anyone who seems not good.....and i dont need such people too....Run?why Run?its a place here for fun,,,and if some people are trying to destroy this fun,,its their problem cause the cannot,,and if they think they all people are the same and they can play with our feelings,,,they dont know with whom they are playing.....i iwsh they will keep themselves away from my fire...............anywasy Sweetie is not alone her she got many friends....
Ignorance is bliss.
save me...
There are many ignorant people on the planet with access to us as well as Y/A and they choose to exercise a sadistic pleasure they seem to find fulfilling in the moment, but I suspect it's an empty sensation after the fact.

Appeals hardly are worth the effort, Yahoo will not reveal who does the reporting so that we could at least block, and I'll never run. I lost an account to trolling. It was over 2 years old and I asked 3 music questions, innocent, and was bombarded with VN's and a suspension, but I have a streak in me that tells me I'm better than they are, and I'll come back a thousand times if that's what it takes, until I get so weary of this place, I'll find alternatives.
oh yeah i seen it...and its a horrible thing to do ...peeps gang up on one person its awful...
I guess they have no power in life and try to exert power where no one can do anything about it. I suppose it depends on what sort of person you are how you deal with it. I wouldnt judge anyone for their decision.
They're d!ckless wonders. Powerless, pathetic individuals without the courage to face an adversary. Laugh at them. They truly are worthy only of your scorn.
I remember when all the bullying and bickering began on the internet.  Do you remember when getting an email was something special.   It was the highlight of your day to check your email and see one or 2 emails from real people who you couldn't wait to send them an email back?   Remember going into chat rooms and people were just in awe that we were all in a room together chatting?  

Why they do it...
I'm betting they need attention.  They have emotional problems.  Their parents do not have time to tend to their emotional problems so they buy their kids a computer.  The kid sits on it all day venting his emotional turmoil to anyone who speaks.  Look out parents of that kid.  Your brewing a monster.
