What do you think is the best blogging site?
I want to start a blog where I could practice my writing skills. So what do you think is the best for me; I want something that is manageable, easily accessible, and easy to customize.

blogger.com 
i'm using it and it's awesome.
wordpress.com and blogger.com
You are taking Very good Decision. 
If you like to Write any thing You can Publish your Articles Online. 
There are many Provides where you can use this service for free. 
OK You can Publish Articles in 
www.blogspot.com 
It is very good Website to Publish your Articles. No need to pay Anything for them. 
They will give you one website for free with the name
yourname.blogspot.com 
And also You can Earn money by using your site with Adsense.
As you are new to blogging, so it's our responsibility to suggest you the blogging site which is easy and doesn't make you feel disappointed in future, when you will be technically far more ahead at implementing things than you're at present. So this is the your answer:

 If begin a beginner to blogging your idea is to decide which blogging platform you should use; so that you don't have to be disappointed with your platform choice; Then let I assure you, Blogger.com, a blogging platform by Google is by far the best.

Blogger.com is the best platform for all bloggers, irrespective of their tech expertise. In addition, another benefit of using blogger is that you get traffic from Google search as well. 

Google's blogger.com is a pretty versatile blogging platform. The url format of your new blog will be xyz.blogspot.com, where xyz represents your name. But if you want to make the url look xyz.com, blogger allows you to do that as well. You can tweak the looks of your blog, from 1 percent to 100 percent and add much functionality to it as well.

For beginner, getting started is quite easy too, just three steps:

Create an account (if you have an existing gmail account, then you can use that too)
Name your blog
Choose a template

For the time being you just create a new blogger blog and get started. All the best for your blogging journey ahead.
