what do you think of my website?
http://dannyboy2111.tripod.com 

i spend many hours on it so please if you dont like it dont say anything negative remember im only a 16 year old boy and i dont have any money so i do what i got with free stuff 

Just Ignor The Pop up With the Message its there for safety and Security Reasons i know its anoying just deal with it please it only appears on the home page it doesint appear any where else on the site advently im going to work on a new security system to stop phising and other bad behavior but until than yea
Thanks in Advance For your Help I Will Continue to Try and Improve it i Been Bringing in a lot of new stuff
I know i am getting somewhere i have gotton 1 thousand and 100 + Visitors
Danf2 thanks for the suggestion its ok to say you dont like something as long as you offer a suggestion to fix it which you did thank you im giving you the best answer you made some really good points

As someone who is / used to be involved with creating websites I am always happy to see new people take it up. I know you said don't say anything negative but I feel constructive criticism is always a good thing.

Personally I have a wide screen monitor. One of the important things on the Internet is to take into account other peoples browser configurations. Due to the fact that you have a fixed width and left justified content I see a column of text down the left side and a giant blank area on the right. To fix this use can use the CSS % instead of specifying pixels. That way on larger screens they will be wider and on smaller screens more narrow.

Another important thing is spelling. The first one I caught was on your computer repair page. "a Virius mite be eating your computer" Virus is spelled incorrectly and it should be 'might' and not 'mite'. 

Also users might find it difficult to navigate your website due to all the links in the left hand navigation bar. In the sources I have included a link to a nice menu system that collapses down and then perhaps you could put your links and parts of your site into categories.

Hope this helps and your websites grows!
