How can I read books online for free?
I have searched website after website and have not found a single one that allows me to read books online for free! Does anyone know of one that they like to use? I would like one that lets me read current books.

There are places but I wouldn't if i were you.
it ruins your eyesite
Yes! JAIL.

Piracy is destroying our culture. Dont stoke that fire.
I have tried also with no luck.  All I can find are the classics basically.  I was told that copy right infringement is the reason you cannot read current books.  I know it is true about Tobias Wolfe as I have tried to find his books on line. Sorry.
try googling specific books, but if that doesn't work, try www.4shared.com. they have a lot books in pdf format for free. however, there is a short waiting time (usually 10 seconds), and it's not quite online- you just download them and read them at your own pace.
It's like trying to find a free book in a bookshop - you can't just walk out the shop without buying the book..
The author wouldn't get the money, nor would the publishers & all that lot behind a manuscript becoming an actual book to read out there in the world :)

I suggest either buying an actual, real book from a bookshop - or online - or purchase online-readable-books ((I've never tried to read a book online.. so idk where to go around reading a book online? I don't want to read a book online..)).

Or audio-books. If you're not wanting to curl up with a nice, real, new book. Which you'll have to pay for :)

Or pop to your local library? Loooooan a reaaal book?

Reading things online, and doing thing on the computer, are a real strain to your eyesight. It's best to be reading from something which isn't a screen - especially if it's an actual book, not just a short story.. Even a novella as short as Stevenson's Strange Case of J & H, that would be an actually insane to read on a computer screen.

Sometimes Audio-Books really help capture things in books.. I haven't warmed much to them, though, other than the early Harry Potter books when I was much younger (and had real difficulty reading, then, so I didn't read other than as was necessary in class.. embarrassing) and that was on tape in the car on the ways home etc. .. which doesn't really count, since I do read now, and I read a fair amount-ish..



So,  read Real books, or listen to Audio-Books :)

[[[added-in. Plus, if you do get a website which offers FREE BOOKS online to read, .. I wouldn't really trust it. Like, I'd be really suspicious of it. Could be a nasty Virus / Spyware Monster-of-Doom.]]]
