Is my internet supposed to be this slow?
I have AT&T Basic DSL as my Internet Service Provider.  All of the computers in my household only download at speeds of ~20 kbps!  Is it supposed to be this slow?  What other factors can I upgrade to boost up my download speed?  Will a new router and/or modem solve this problem? (Mine are both very cheap and old :/)
The wireless connection icon in the lower right hand corner says Speed: 54.0 Mbps.

Try a different phone line and port, they may be bad, what is the modem ACTUALLY connecting at?
Keith ? what kind of router do you have ? how fast is it ?
and the LAN cards on all of your computers ? your connection will only go as fast as your slowest computer connection

if you can open your network connections. configure adapter to the fastest settings  on each one
the speed should increase. If you have Auto speed selected that will slow down your connection
and also wireless can slow it down too. more questions just contact me.
As u have said the speed 54Mbps is not the true internet speed, try http://www.ip-details.com/internet-speed-test/ to know your true speed.as per the speed the only true and tangible way to increase the speed is you subscribing to a higher speed internet connection
Have check you pc make sure why is your pc is slow.
 http://registry.tp5pro.com/Slow_PC
A wireless network may only hold about 200 kbps total. If other people are downloading things at the same time, it will split, usually not proportionately (are you also one of the unlucky ones like me? lol). Just download things when no one else is if possible...
For running slow there are many causes:
Microsoft Registry Problems
RAM
De-Fragmenting
Etc. 

Clean windows registry can speed up the computer.
Registry Cleaner can fix your pc errors.
Over time, you install new programs, uninstalled unimportant programs, update software's, install new devices, 
download files from the web, etcetera, hence embarking all records in the registry system.
This is normal, but it is not wise to leave it untouched. 
Once in a while, you have to check and remove files that are no longer in use to maintain the speed of your PC.
Clean registry make pc faster.
http://downloadlk.com
