What do you believe will happen in 2012?
Will the world end or will it just be another year?

Probably another lousy year...I'm not that lucky.
Another year,,  OBama will  lose ,, and maybe, China will not own us by then.. ~
Obama is hopefully gone. Yay!
The US will have its next major elections. Other than that nothing.

Why would it be the end of the world?

Do you mean the Mayan calendar thing? Dont be silly, it is just the year the Mayan long calendar restarts. Like the Gregorian Calendar restarts every 365 days, the Mayan long calendar restarts every 144,000 days.
Well move on to 2013
the economy will restabilize because every1 is buying stuff. this is do to the fact that everyone or at least a small amount believe it's the end of the world. the natural disaster count will go up and it will be the hottest year on record. coincidentally there will be mass suicides by people who do not want to live through the end of the world. i will wake up on the 22 of december 2012 laughing my f**king head off. because nothing happened.
It will just be another year.
Nothing will happen. The whole thing is an invention by a bunch of frauds and crackpots trying to get you to buy worthless books and videos. None of it has any basis in real science. The people promoting this have no knowledge of science. They just like to pretend to be knowledgeable in order to impress the gullible. Don't be one of the gullible.
There is no 'ancient prediction' by the Mayans or anyone else. These were all invented in the last 20 years.
There is no 'mystery planet' about to pass by. Why don't the fraudsters tell us its current location in the sky, so we can all look at it? You decide.
There will be no rare alignment, either planetary or galactic. When was the last alignment that caused us any problems anyway?
There will be no pole shift. A magnetic pole shift is not imminent and probably tens of thousands of years away. A sudden rotational pole shift is a physical impossibility.
The next solar maximum is expected in mid 2013, not 2012 and is expected to be less intense than the last maximum in 2001.
Other predictions such as the photon belt and Terence McKenna's Timewave Zero are just too silly to bother with.
