What's the best browser?
This is moreover for reference than anything but what is everyone's favorite browser to use and why? I have never had any sort of luck with browsers at all. I'm not a fan of IE, Netscape always locked up and crashed so I got rid of that and got Firefox (which I know is basically the same) and it's starting to act up in the same exact way too. I need something that's reliable and doesn't do stupid stuff like lock up for NO reason!

there is no really 'best' browser. i use google chrome for speed and reliability.
i also love the UI of it.

AND firefox is not the best browser, they JUST fixed another security hole.
Chrome, Chrome & Chrome
i would suggest you to go with Mozilla Firefox because its great interface and speed. I feel it¡¯s a great alternative for IE. It¡¯s fast, secure, and fully customizable. There are thousands of Firefox addons there which allow you to customize your browser according to your needs. For more information see http://forums.techarena.in/polls-voting/1205582.htm
Firefox is the best browser.  You need to discover why it is locking up.  Check that you have the correct Firefox with your operating system and then run EST.com to see if your system is infected.
Opera is the best browser.
http://www.opera.com/
This question is a personal preference, meaning you will get different answers out of everyone.

But Chrome, Firefox, Opera, and Safari are all great, speedy browsers.  The only one that sucks massively that I would be sure to stay away from is Internet Explorer.

But give the other 4 a test.  You might find one of them fits you better than one of the others.

Opera is my personal preference.
The best browser is Mozilla Firefox... it's so safe and can reload and optimize the crushed internet stuffs!! the IE is not really good now!
so... i recommend you Firefox... if you don't want there are  some good browser such as: Google Chrome, Opera, Safari (from Apple)... so they have all some good and bad things... it's up to you!
 good luck! ^-^
All I can say is, I was an avid user and supporter of firefox.

until I heard about Opera 10.51

I was blown away. I was gonna just "trial" it and go back to ff most likely. but it turned out that I NEVER looked back.

Give yourself a week of customising it to ur liking and getting used to the AWESOME features that come with it and if you don't like it then, I give you my sincerest apologies.

It makes me wonder why more people don't use this browser.

It has been independently proven many many times to be THE FASTEST browser on earth. Plus, it is more reliable AND secure than Chrome. I really don't see how anyone can choose anything else. If they like the "look" of chrome, opera comes stock standard looking like it. I prefer the look of firefox so i simply checked a few boxes in preferences and voila.

OPERA 10.51
