I Want to Quit the Internet.?
Hi, I'm a 17 Year old student and I've decided that I'm finally leaving the internet. I've always had the internet, and it's a normal part of my life. I can't really imaging life without it- of course I have good friends and lots of homework to do, but I only really feel calm when I'm on the internet. It relieves my stress, and mentally feels great- but I know deep down that it's unhealthy.
 
 I'll always begin by thinking I just want to ind a model for drawing practice, and the next thing I know I'm in a deadlined art contest on DeviantArt or I've opened an avatar art shop on Gaia. I feel committed to these accounts, and guilty about giving people art too late or not being on. So I distance myself from art sites and spend hours trying to find funny blogs to make myself feel better. Meanwhile my schoolwork goes unfinished, and I've just wasted a large chunk of my afternoon and/or evening. On weekend days, I can even spend all day on the computer. 
  
I'm not going to go so far as to call myself an "addict"(that's just a stupid excuse anyway, since it's not like you can have a physical dependence on the internet xD), however I do have a pretty intense obsession with the internet. I need to do real artwork that will help me build a strong portfolio so I can go to college, and I need to raise my grades in a few classes. There will, of course, be a void that the internet leaves, but if nothing else, I can fill that with video games, since over the years I've missed out on a few classics, like Assassin's Creed. Of course, I'll use the internet for music, research, and email, but things like free flash games, art websites, and funny blogs/videos are out. I'm done.



Does this sound like a good idea? And is anyone else planning on quitting?

(TL;DR: I'm spending too many hours online, I think I'm finally quitting.)

don't feel at all bad about leaving gaia or deviantart!  it's getting your content OFF of disreputable sites that can be difficult sometimes.  I learned this from other people who have suffered.

even though I use the internet every day because it's my profession (engineer), I tell people it's definitely OK to get off the internet or not use a computer, or even to only use a computer as a fancy word processor/spreadsheet.  actually, it's safer that way, not being on the internet - less chance of getting infected with a virus or some other such thing. 
And you don't need to shell out bucks for an antivirus program every year (unless you are sharing usb keys/cd's with someone else or from work).
Well Kyra I am also the same age as you. But I feel your idea is of no good. None should leave the thing that gives him/her peace. You can restrict yourself to use the internet up to a certain limit if you wish to. That was the same problem with me weeks ago. But I controlled myself and got indulged in some other work and i got success. Hope you understand. Bye.
