I need a new reliable Internet Browser?
I had my computer recovered, and I'm looking for a new Internet Browser to use. I've already used Windows Internet Explorer 8.0 and Google Chrome (Which I thought was WAY better!) But I'm interested in other ones too, like.............

- Internet Explorer 8.0 (hmmm...not bad)

- Google Chrome (BEST (so..far) Super FAST and has WAY cooler features than Internet Explorer 8.0 and FireFox!)
\
- Opera 10 (Never tried it before) 

- Mozilla Firefox 3.5 (Eh! I don't know...Google Chrome is like 100x better!)

- Safari (Never tried it before, but I hear it's pretty good, and it's an Apple owned company so it must be really good!)

- IE (Never tried it before, but some people say it's horrible...is it?)

ARE THERE ANYMORE I SHOULD KNOW ABOUT????????????????????????????

Oh, and I'd also like to know if It's possible to install/use multiple different browsers. Because If I install a new browser, I'd kinda like to have my Google Chrome too....I like it...

THAAAANKS!! 10 points for the best answer!!
Okay, I just found out that "IE"   symbolizes "Internet Explorer!"

Opera 10.51, you should really try it. It is the fastest browser out there. 7x faster javascript rendering than most other browser. In addition, it many built in features like widgets, skins, unite, spellcheck, and much more. If you try it, I know you'll love it since it is the most productive browser. In addition, it is very customizable with skins and tutorials to build your own. It has private browsing and much more cool features. 

It is extremely reliable and renders more pages correctly and faster than firefox. Opera has never crashed on me.
Mozilla Firefox is a great choice. It is a popular browser, that is easy. You can also apply themes to it, which make your browser stand out. You can even download toolbars to it.

Safari would be my second choice. It is fast and reliable. You can also download toolbars to it as well.
You can absolutely use different browsers. I have IE 8, Firefox and Safari on my Dell Laptop.  On my iMac I have Firefox and Safari.

I have found the Firefox works well with nearly every website where as IE 8 and Safari sometimes do not completely render pages or allow input pages to complete.
Yes you can have more than one browser on our computer, and the rest wil still be fully compatible. They may argue over which on is your "default", but aside from that it's all fine.
And Netscape is another one I've heard of.
Safari, in my experience and opinion, has been very bad.
Firefox is better than Internet explorer, and just a reliable.
I've found Google Chrome to be very innovative and effective, and fast. However, it crashes for a lot of reason, and for things that require compatibility, it gets the shaft.
Internet explorer..... DX *pukes*. Not really, it's as basic as you can get, and generally reliable.
I'm putting in a vote for firefox.
Chrome may be fast, but I don't really have that much faith in google for anything other than searching. They have a shady reputation for gathering information you don't want them to have. Though I do like the fact you can open separate windows for private browsing instead of the whole browser.

Firefox takes up low amounts of memory on your computer and takes the lead as my favorite for customization. I have things that block LSOs, which are hard to rid of cookies, Adblock, flashblock, and several other security related features. Even with my music downloading, I haven't gotten a virus in the months I've used this. Also its currently at 3.6.

Internet explorer, I never trust. No protection and most viruses are aimed at this browser due to almost every computer coming preinstalled with the thing.

Never used Safari or Opera.
I just HAVE to point out that Safari is an APP, not a COMPANY. sorry hahahaha



IE is internet explorer
Firefox has a lot of great add-ons. forget IE.
