need a better internet browser?
i had internet explorer and it would always freeze up

firefox, never ever opens... only once in a while

so any other better internet browsers that actually work???  
thanks
ok my computer is brand new so i dont think its the problem and i did try google chrome and i didnt like it

googles chrome
try safari or google chrome ;)

All the best
its probably in you computer thats have a problem.
Google Chrome would be your next bet. Though personally Firefox is by far the best in my opinion. Uninstall firefox then re-install.
There are other 3 "most used" free alternatives. You can try Google Chrome, if that doesn't fit you, try Apple Safari and if that doesn't fit you either, you can try Opera.
definitely google chrome
get repaired your computer.
Try Opera.
http://www.opera.com/
Are you running Internet Explorer 8?

If you find that your IE8 is freezing, here are some steps you can try:
1. Run your anti-virus and an anti-spyware, to check for malware infections. Microsoft Security Essentials is a good freeware AV from Microsoft.  
2. Clear Cache. Or else run your Junk Cleaner or CCleaner. In IE 7 or 8, click Tools > Internet options > Security > Reset all Zones to Default level 
3. If still you find your IE giving problems, close it and run IE (No Add-ons). This opens up the browser without loading any add-ons, toolbars or plug-ins.
 4. Run sfc /scannow and at the end reboot if asked for. This will replace corrupted system files if any.  
If you find it running OK, then the problem is most probably caused by an addon. In that case you have two options :
- Use the manage Add-ons tool, and disable each one after the other to find out which one is causing the problem.
- In Internet Options, go to Advanced Tab and click on Reset tab. Restart IE. This step deletes all temp files, disables any add-ons, plug-ins, toolbars and also resets all changed settings to default. Although this is a quick-fix, you will have to re-install the add-ons.

I hope this helps!

Cheers,
Bryn
IE Outreach Team
