Why do those downloading illegally not care about the consequences of their action?
First point.  If the item you are downloading for free was legitimately available for free download, there would be no need for torrent sites.  Therefore the very fact that you are using a torrent site should tell you that you are doing something not quite right.
Second point.  Your illegal download is adversely affecting somebody directly, and in most cases, yourself indirectly.
Third point.  The Internet is not a magical free place.  The normal real-world rules of commerce still apply.  You need to sell your current product to get the money to create your next product.  It is how the world works.
Consequences.
Music.  You are depriving your "favorite" artist of the 55-60 cents per track royalties to which he/she is legally entitled and which he/she receives from legitimate downloads like on iTunes.
What makes the music download illegal is nothing at all to do with copyright (separate issue).  It is simply the fact that torrent sites, unlike iTunes, fail to pay the mandatory fees (to Performing Rights societies) that legitimate sites like iTunes pay  out of which the roalties are paid and is the reason why you are charged for your download. iTunes is not profiteering - it is simply recovering from you, the consumer, the money it has already paid out to handle the music.
Movies/software/video games.  Quite simply, illegal downloaders are putting the future of each of these industries at risk for the reason already stated.  You have to sell your existing product to get the money to create the next product.
I am feeling that those currently downloading illegal will be the ones complaining the loudest when the release of new product does begin to slow down even though it is their own activity which has caused the slowdown.

hear hear!
Its you up against millions of people, unless all torrent pages are shut down there is no hope in hell of any one stopping
you shouldnt have too pay for recorded music, the radio pays them and when they tour they get payed.

you shouldnt have to o pay for films the cinema pays them and so does tv not to mention the sponsors.

video games, maybe you should pay for them
Point 1
First point. If the item you are downloading for free was legitimately available for free download, there would be no need for torrent sites. Therefore the very fact that you are using a torrent site should tell you that you are doing something not quite right.

Rubbish 

Torrent can be used as much for legit stuff as for legit. To be able to spawn from many people a large file instead of one single server taking the hit is inherently just sharing the load so not it should not tell you that you are doing something not quite right.

I use torrent all the time for legit stuff only and the mere fact you bundle legit users of any technology into the lowest common denominator is very crass.

Second point. Your illegal download is adversely affecting somebody directly, and in most cases, yourself indirectly.

OK I do not condone the illegal downloading of (c) material as a software developer myself I wouldn't like someone to steal and use my material.

However this has been going on since the dawn of recordable material. Because lets take for instance the record industry. I lumbering Leviathan who dictate the price to the consumer and the price to the recording artist.

Of all the downloaded Brittany Spears (detritus or otherwise) do I see her shopping at the Local Walmart/Lidl/Londis/Netto..(Naaaa)

Indirectly hurting yourself.

If you eldue to point 3 that in itself is laughable. Again lets take music. If you need your 1st sale to make you 2nd recording to get your 2nd sale , then all I can say to that is shoot your accountant and get a better one.

Art for arts sake?   

Third point. The Internet is not a magical free place. The normal real-world rules of commerce still apply. You need to sell your current product to get the money to create your next product. It is how the world works.

You see it is a magical free place and the real world rules don't apply. 

This post just smacks of a music producer having a rant.

However I will finish off saying. I do not condone illigally downloading anyting. I choose the better option of not buying what I think is too pricy.
To answer your question: Because there are no consequences. Their action alone will not break down the industry, they will not be arrested or fined, or held responsible for anything in any way. 
Also, pirated copies are practically better than the originals, as they don't have ridiculous anti-piracy
protection that only affects the legit consumer. The pirates will easily bypass any security and remove it.

With this in mind, it is only rational to illegally download.
And lovely people like you are all to ready to completely ignore legal and morally right uses of torrents. Torrents are a distribution system. Trackers and sites with torrent listings provide a practical way to use the distribution system. Illegal downloads are no doubt wrong but half the stuff on torrent sites is perfectly legal to distribute. Hell some of it is put there by it's creators. 

As for why illegal downloaders don't care. There's this funny thing about trying to force people to do or not do things for whatever reason (It only works if you have a reliable way of catching and punishing them). Which is why traffic violations go down when you install traffic cams and fine everyone. People don't care about the legality of illegal u-turns or speed limits they care about tickets and fines.
I like to download for free and I do it because its' quicker and cheaper some people can not afford to spend a load of money on Itunes I see nothing wrong with it and with a rescission going on now and everything people cant afford to spend a load of money on cds and Itunes we are doing nothing wrong our favorite singers still make millions everyday in other ways.Its the way of the world and you cant' change it so stop having a go at everyone who does it sorry to sound harsh but its my oppion.
because, the economy is bad and so were trying to save some money by downloading. anyways all of those artist that make the music already make millions in recording so....wtf.
screw them, they dont need more money, they already have enough
