Is Lockerz a legit website?
I was told about this website called lockerz where you get points by watching videos and you get free stuff my question is it legit?

i love LOCKERZZZ its awesome...u gotta get invited tho!!!
lockerz.com is a legit website. You watch videos, andswer polls, and you get points. It is a great website. It is so easy to rack up points (PTZ as they call them) and redeem them for prizes. If you would like to join, you need to get invited. It is a member-only site. If you message me your e-mail, I can invite you. You will get the invite in less then 5 minutes.
I'll be frank.
It's LEGIT alright. However it's for you to decide whether it's worth it.
They earn money through advertising, in fact quite ALOT.

HOW IT WORKS
First, to earn points, you watch clips (~5min to 1min), daily 2 points, plus answering the daily question for 2 points. Clips are 2 points each.
Prizes include game stations, games, i-pods, laptops, amazon or paypal cash, but there is much more. Games (for PS3, PSP, PC, DS, etc) are 400 points. Ipod shuffles and PSP are 800 ptz (points). Ipod Nano is 1700. I can't name all of their prices though.

THE BAD PART
Prizes are limited, NOT EVERYONE GETS A PRIZE, they restock once a month, till then it just says MORE SOON.
If you check daily, they will say ON THAT DAY, there is a restock. However, they don't tell you the SPECIFIC TIME. However, their is an online place that sends SMS the instant it comes, i think. Also, people will likely grab the prizes FAST. You have to be quick, otherwise you're left with scraps. The cheaper items tend to go first, then the expensive ones (like laptops). ALSO I'm told, there is server lag since many people are online. Thats the reason why they don't announce the time beforehand.

Lastly, if you invite 30 friends you obtain Z-list status=4 points instead of 2, and a VIP private redeem earlier than the normal redeem.

Source(s):
I joined recently, did major googling on it, in fact, i also googled if it was a scam. It doesn't rip you off anything, except for your time (unless you get a prize) and your voluntary opinion.(for 2 points).

Does that help?

P.S. If you need an invite, i can get you one, just message me.
