Can anyone tell me about skype?
Do you have to talk through a webcam? Or can you do just your voice (I'm camera shy lol)
Does it cost money?
And anything else you feel like throwing in about it! Thanks :)
oh yeah, is it mac compatible? can you talk mac - PC?
Soo a blue tooth could work for it? I have one compatible for my PS3 that i've never used
Thanks Edrick!

yep its a free service where you add your friends or buisness partners and you can chat with them like msn. It has webcam service and you can make international calls or local ones for free!!
You don't have to use a camera, you can just talk. It's free if the other person has skype on their pc, if you want to be able to dial any land line phone number there is a fee, but it's less than regular long distance.
Skype is pretty cool because you can call anyone in the world who has it installed in there computer without being charge its kinda like at&t you can call anyone in your network without being charge. so anyone who has skype you can call.
One more advantage of Skype is that it requires very less bandwidth as compared to Yahoo or MSN video calling. As a result you can hear a clear voice without dropouts and also webcam pictures come continuously.
Skype to Skype calls are free. Skype to Phone or Phone to Skype are services you can pay for. (So that you can actually call regular phones/cell phones, or have people be able to call your computer from regular phones/cell phones. Though Skype is not intended as a replacement for a real phone, so no 911 calls.)

If you have a microphone or headset hooked up to the computer you can do voice chat. If you have a video camera hooked up you may be able to do video too. (If the camera works with Skype. Not all do.) If you don't have either you can do text chatting. All those are optional, you can pick and choose which you want to use. (For audio, a headset you wear is better then a stand alone or screen mounted microphone.)

Edit: There is a version of Skype for Mac OSX. It's even available on Linux, the PSP, and Windows Mobile PDAs. Any Bluetooth headset that uses the normal headset profile should be able to work with Skype, assuming the computer either has built-in Bluetooth or a Bluetooth adapter with decent drivers. I use the Warhawk headset with Skype and other stuff and used to use the Sony PS2 USB Headset. (Which was actually made by Logitech.)
yahoo messanger is WAY better imo . ive used both and skype dropped to many calls or got real choppy all the time. ym is usually pretty clear and hardly ever drops my calls. and it's also free.
