My Hotmail Account is apparently closing?!?
Help! I just got an email from Hotmail (microsoft@update.login.live.com) saying the following:

"Welcome to Hotmail.
Your Account Will Be Closed !

We at Hotmail are sorry to inform you that we are having problems with
your  information of your account. We would appreciate it if you
would visit our Hotmail hotmail  and fill out the proper
information that we are needing to keep you as an hotmail member. If you don't comply until the 27 March 2010, your Hotmail membership may be suspended, or even deleted."

When I clicked on the link given in the email (http://login.live.com) I was taken to a website, puntoprice.com... 
I think this is really strange. I have had my email for about 5 years now, why would Hotmail suddenly send me an email saying me account will be deleted? I'm so confused! Is this a hoax or a virus? Should I go to the website given in the email?
P.S: Don't you think puntoprice.com is an unprofessional name for a company like Hotmail? And why would an exclamationn mark be placed after the sentence, Your Account Will Be Closed !
Is this a joke? Because it is NOT funny. Someone please help me!

It's a hoax, you gullible fool.
Yeah that's spam, they're phishing and it isn't from Hotmail.
Do NOT answer that e mail. It is a phishing attempt to trick you into revealing your username and password.

It is NOT from Hotmail. The address is spoofed.

Just delete it.
The horrible grammar should give it away. Definitely a phishing attempt.
This is not a legitimate letter from Hotmail. They will never contact you and ask for your details.
Especially since you were directed to some random site, this is clearly a scam aimed either at forcing you to look at their crappy advertising or to steal your account information and use it as a spam server.
I really hope you didn't use your password anywhere on their site.
Just change your password to be safe if you did. If you can't access your account anymore then you can write to the real Hotmail and get them to change your password for you. They will aks a few questions and if you answer them correctly all will be well.
I heard about scams like this.Whatever you do, DO NOT open the link to the website! It is obviously a virus and if you open the link, you can potentially allow it into your computer. Hackers just want to get information from you. 

What you should do is just not click on any links from that message, delete it,  and you should be fine.
Hi there. Unfortunately theres alot of funny, stupid and strange things going on the internet. The internet known from tracert will end some day. Yes, the email they sent you is a scam, www.puntoprice.com is spelt out as " PUNT to PRICE " which means suffer consequences until you pay the price. Do not go to that website! Do not reply! Ignore it and report it to Hotmail or even call the police! Bloody serious, call the police these emails are also illegal. Also to check if websites are safe go to: http://safeweb.norton.com/ and search the website! And would you just look at the, theres a phising scam on the website with 1 THREAT! I'm telling you with my years of computer experience don't believe the website. Ignore it. Hopes this help =D
