What is causing all of these internet problems?
I currently have a WRK54G v1 Linksys router and a Motorola Surfboard 30mbps modem, but my internet... isn't the best. It goes down like 2-3 times a day, and some programs that require internet (like xfire or ventrilo) tend to go down every hour. My download speed is ridiculously slow as well (80-120kbps). My ISP is earthlink. I've been trying to find out what in God's name is causing all of these frustrating issues for a long time now. There isn't anything listed in the "Network Connections" section of the Control Panel, and there hasn't been for years. What could that mean?

Also: My router is not directly connected to my computer. I have it connected to a switch, where my computer and my Xbox 360 both share the connection. There are also two other computers in the house. Could this cause any issues?

Can anyone tell me exactly what the problem here is? Possibly the router/modem? Bad ISP?
There is absolutely nothing listed in "Network Connections"
Now that I think of it... every time the internet goes down (on the 2-3 times a day intervals), the internet is down in the whole house. The switch may very well be slowing the connection down, but perhaps it is the router?

Can you try connecting directly to the modem for a few hours? And monitoring to see if doing the activities that usually cause the problem trigger the connection to drop? 

I doubt Earthlink would be doing anything to your line though (ie. throttling). 

I suppose it could be the switch. But for that matter it could also be the router. That's why I suggest connecting directly to the modem for some time and trying to trigger the problems intentionally. 

Does your Ethernet NIC not even show up in `Network Connections` though? Because that would be...odd. 

I don't think this would be causing the problem, but you may want to reinstall/update the driver for your NIC if it doesn't show up at all in `Network Connections`. I don't think this has anything to do with your problem though, since if there were a driver issue, you wouldn't be able to connect at all.
