Do you know any small virtual pet sites?
I love Marapets and sites like that, but I want to be part of a closer 'community'. I love it when everyone knows each other. I don't want any sites nearly as big as Marapets...

Umm.. Neopets?
There are many links to different virtual pet sites at page:
http://www.virtualpet.com/vp/links/links.htm
http://www.farmville.com/
Grow delicious fruits and vegetables and raise adorable animals on your very own farm, with the help of your Facebook friends.

http://www.moshimonsters.com/
Visitors to MoshiMonsters can adopt their very own pet Monster, give it a name and design its color scheme. Each Monster has a lively personality that develops the more it is played with. Monster owners can make new friends and connect with existing friends through a wide variety of safe social networking features such as Monster blogs, Newsfeeds, pinboards and buddy lists.

http://ekoloko.com/
Ekoloko is a educational, virtual community where kids discover the world, virtual and real, through fun games and quests, while absorbing the values, knowledge and skills that will help them become more responsible and involved individuals.

http://powerpets.com/
http://www.adoptme.com/
http://www.neopets.com/

http://www.panfu.com/
http://www.webkinz.com/us_en/
1 PetRPG-details
PetRPG is a game based on owning a virtual pet, and exploring the world with them. You can feed them, play with them, groom them, and have them interact with lots of different things. 
2 Pocket Puma Pets- details 
A pocket puma is a tiny cat that can fit in the palm of your hand. Here at Pocket Puma Pets you can breed, trade, decorate, dress, and sell them. Gameplay and accounts are free! More is being added... 
3 V-petsite.com- details
V-petsite.com is a Browser Based Game Creator allowing you to build your very own Virtual Petsite. You can build your game for fun, for friends to play or to learn something new. V-petsite.com is... 
4 Anatheria - details 
Anatheria is a virtual pet site with over 40 pets to choose from and the opportunity to own up to 12. There are several different site themes to choose from, competitions to take part in, plenty of... 
5 Heart Shaped Hooves - details 
Heart Shaped Hooves (HSH) is not a small game, nor a new game, that is continuously expanding. This game can offer a challenge for the advanced player and is easy for a newer player. We have over 100... 
6 Verpets - details 
In Verpets, users explore to find their Verpets, but after that, what they choose to do on Verpets is unique to each individual user. They can do anything from questing for items to battling in the... 
7 Muttz - details
Muttz is the first virtual dog simulation game to provide selection of both pure and cross bred canines. It involves a mix of realism and 'magic', allowing endless possibilities. Play, feed, train and... 
8 Giropets - details 
Giropets.com is an online pet game and is one of the best out there! 
9Neuro Galaxy - details 
Neuro Galaxy - it's out of this world! 
10 Sebby's Arcade - details
This fun gaming community has many features. Over 650 Flash games, tournaments, chats, and more... It also allows you to adopt a pet and you must feed it, care for it, using SebbyCredits (SC).... 
Hope some of which you would have interest! Enjoy it!
