Legit sales transfer on Craigslist?
Im selling my PS3 on Craigslist as bundle for $525. I got an offer of $625 including shipping and handling. The lady said that she'd like to see it, but her work wouldn't allow her to. Also, she was purchasing it for her fiance. I got a couple more emails from her, and all seemed to be good. She wants to pay me over paypal, which i thought was good. I got her address, which is somewhere in Nigeria. I know a lot of scams come from Nigeria, and I'm not an experienced craigslist user. I got an email from paypal-service. Every other email from paypal has been from paypal@service. 

The email:     Order Summary:PS3 Bundle
    This is a confirmation email of the payment of $625.00USD you received from Shawn Woods, what is required of you in order for your account to be credited is the Item's Tracking/Reference number, this number will be given to you at the courier office after you might have sent the item to the bearer, this is part of our new policy and a security measure in order to protect both the buyer and the seller, also to verify if the item was really bought from you we have sent you a confirmation email earlier to inform you that the payment is legal and has been confirmed, also to guide you against fraudulent acts.
     
     
    We have included the buyer's full name and amount paid for you to know this message was really sent from PayPal. We advise that you make sure the item is sent out as soon as possible and request for a tracking number at the post office after you might have sent out the item, then you can email us the number by replying directly to this message after it might have been given to you at the courier office so as to credit your account without delay.
     
     
    After we receive the number from you for security verification, your account will be credited at once, Our system has witness new upgrades, Please don't be surprised if you see us forwarding you to new customer attendants, its due to the amount of fraud going on involving our name which we are trying all our best to limit and put a stop to. As soon as we receive the requested information from you, your account will be credited.


    PayPal Account Review Department.
    Sincerely,

 Is this legit? If so, how should i proceed? if not, how should i proceed?

Skip it... send a copy to PayPal via a link/email address you get independent of the info sent to you by your friend from nigeria.  They are offering to pay more than you listed to get you excited and hopefully stupid.  It's a scam.
I agree with Fremen too.

Having read through the wording of the email you've received, purportedly from PayPal, I find the usage of English is NOT that good.  From a professional organisation [organization, if you're one of my American cousins] such as PayPal, I would expect the standard of English to be good.  ("Our system has witness new upgrades" should surely read that their "system has witnessed new upgrades" or with different terminology being used.)

I'd give it a miss, if I were you, mate, and also report the scam to PayPal.
Scam, report it to Paypal immedaitely and do not answer the "buyer". Paypal does not allow any accounts in Nigeria due to fraud, so this is not from Paypal you got a spoof email and there is no money. And the first point on Craigslist on how to avoid scams is to only deal with people you can meet face to face, and that anything regarding shipping is always a scam. If they can't meet you in person and pay cash, do not sell it. You will lose your money and your PSP with no way to ever get it back
i Got That 2

Re: Ps3 160Gb Or 40 Gb For Sell - $250


Are you sure is still in good working condition?cos am new to internet I am buying this item for my Fiance who is doing is birthday i would have love to come over to your place and see it myself but my job will not give me the chance to do that,i will love to see pics,I will offer you $310 including shipping so get back to me with your pay pal email address so that i can make the payment as soon as possible to your pay pal account.I need you to get back to me as soon as possible and i want the item to be shipped out today it is very urgent.
Awaiting your quick response.


then a few mssg went by then this

Order Summary:Ps3 160Gb/40 Gb
This is a confirmation email of the payment of $350.00USD(IT CHANGED FROM 250 TO 350) you received from Williams Johnson, what is required of you in order for your account to be credited is the Item's Tracking/Reference number, this number will be given to you at the courier office after you might have sent the item to the bearer, this is part of our new policy and a security measure in order to protect both the buyer and the seller, also to verify if the item was really bought from you we have sent you a confirmation email earlier to inform you that the payment is legal and has been confirmed, also to guide you against fraudulent acts.
 
 
We have included the buyer's full name and amount paid for you to know this message was really sent from PayPal. We advise that you make sure the item is sent out as soon as possible and request for a tracking number at the post office after you might have sent out the item, then you can email us the number by replying directly to this message after it might have been given to you at the courier office so as to credit your account without delay.
 
 
After we receive the number from you for security verification, your account will be credited at once, Our system has witness new upgrades, Please don't be surprised if you see us forwarding you to new customer attendants, its due to the amount of fraud going on involving our name which we are trying all our best to limit and put a stop to. As soon as we receive the requested information from you, your account will be credited.

ITS A SCAM GLAD I CHECKED HERE IM GOING TO REPORT THEM,SO SHOULD YOU THANKS FOR POSTING THIS...YOU SAVED ME MONEY AND A PS3  =)
