lockerz question  plz answer?
now i have  300  ptz  which is better  to  redeem in march redemption?
1)Ratchet & Clank Bundle - PSP
2)DSi Game System - Black
3)Wii Sports with Console - Games included
4)New iPod Touch 8GB  ( if  i  take more 25 ptz )
plz your opinion 
and if you know tell me when  is  redemption? (i know in 26 march)
thanks

The chances of you getting any of them are slim to none! Lockerz is a SCAM!
maybe none ...its really hard to get prizes from there from the online traffic
3.

-i heard that site was a scaam?
Only you can decide :)
I'd take the iPod if I were you =D

Also, I"m not really sure when the redemption is... there will some kind of hint on the Lockerz website and I believe they will put a time when the redemption will be.

@Kinghomie: Although the site is still in beta, the prizes run out of stock pretty quick, but I read on their website and they say they will fix this once they're out of Beta so that everyone can get something. So till then, you'll have to be pretty fast to get a good prize :D

@John C: Lockerz is not a scam. I have a friend that has got an iMac, an iPod touch 64Gb, and the Z-list t-shirt from them. You can also convince yourself that lockerz is not a scam by searching on youtube with the term "lockerz unboxing". There are many and maaany results you will find. That way you will see lockerz is not a scam
actually u wont take any of these cause the point are gonna be x4 so forget it :D
redemption is gonna be after 26 but we will se for other info...
Don't think you will get anything due to lockerz selling out so fast and the prizes are apparently going to be FOUR TIMES what they state on their redeem page!

However you can sign up to Points2Shop and earn points by doing offers and surveys aswell as playing games.

Use my referal link to sign up here : http://www.points2shop.com/?ref=Lesh200

To get me some extra points, I can help you with anything once you are there! Good luck!
Lockerz is not a scam. My friend got a PS3 from it. It is quite likely you might not get it though due to the busy traffic. Personally I would try for the iPod Touch 8GB, I have an iPod Touch 16gb and it is amazing. Its worth a try.
