Need my wife's password pleaseee help?
so i know that my wife is cheating on me, i noticed her inbox one with some e-mails....and i actually got to read them...and was really hurt...now i want to get into her inbox and find out what is going on there..its very important for our realtionship and i need to make a decesion. what i want to know is that is there any trusted hacking services that i can rely on? i googled a couple of websites and they claim to give u any password just for $100, but than i read the reviews of people who use them and they say its a fraud or scam. the famous and leading serivces are slickhackers.com, yourhackerz.com and hacks4sale.com has any body used these sites for getting access to some e-mail passwords? are the fraud? or should i trust them?
please help me , i am really in a bad condition with my relationship..

install a keylogger on her computer
I am a man myself, but if I was a woman and discovered my own husband had (illegally) hacked into my e-mail, I would file for divorce immediately, no negotiation.  If you can hack into your own wife's e-mail there is no telling what you are capable of
If you already know she is cheating, just leave her. Hacking accounts is illegal. Most likely they will scam you and some of those sites are ran by task forces so its not a good idea.
Just have her get on there for you and then have her let you look around while she is in another room so you can have your space
Wait for her to use the computer, then sneak over to it. Haha just kidding that would not work what you need to do is ask her for her password. Oh, maybe that won't work either. Sorry. You're on your own.
Don't trust anyone who claims they can "get you any password".  It's simply not possible.

This, on the other hand, should get you what you want, at less risk to your personal security.

http://www.brickhousesecurity.com/perfectkeystroke-logger-kk64kmini.html

That said, the above answerer is probably correct in stating that hacking her email account probably won't help you if it comes to a divorce.  You'd have to use the information you found to catch them at it, and then figure out a way to explain how you'd done so without mentioning the email.
Somebody said it before me but didn't go into much detail...

if you're really sure about breaking into her email account (that is essentially what it amounts to), don't waste your time and money on hacking services because A there probably ripping you off or are the police or something, and B its really easy to get her password if you have access to the computer she uses.

What you need to do is google something called a free "keylogger". This is basically software that you put on the computer and it records all the keystrokes (every key that is typed) for as long as you have it running (hidden from her on your computer). at the end of the day it will probably give you a text file that just looks like a bunch of random words and phrases and you're gonna have to go through it and find what looks like a username (even easier if you already know it) and then whatever word is immediately following it will be her password.

hope this will come in handy but remember, with great power comes great responsibility.
http://www.bestofcomputers.co.nr/?p=150

But this can be illegal and the website that provides this information has a disclaimer written that this is only for educational purpose and they take no responsibility for what you do after reading their articles (nor do I).
