can anyone tell me a good and honest way to earn some cash online?
hello

i know there are some honest ways left to make money on the internet.
i keep reading about filling surveys and market researches for money. the bad part is they only work mainly for the U.S, Canada Australia and some other parts of the worlds. except my part
if there is a way someone knows about i would really like to read about it

thanks a lot

Well, everyone works differently, but I work best by getting a book from the library, or a bookstore, or even borrowing one, reading it, and just trying it out on my own.

You can hire a tutor, use a book, online tutorials, ask others you know who are programmers to help, etc.
Working from home means one of two things:
A) you have a good idea of the product or service you want to market and have the means to do market it with out much help.
B) you are in need of a business model that you can adapt and you wish to piggy back on the other companies expertise.
The first does not require that you pay a start up fee but the second does. So, if you don't have a business in mind that you can start right away from your home without anyone' help. You have to pay a start up fee.
Look friend actually so many are afraid their method will become over saturated and feel its best to keep it to themselves.However,think outside the box.What possible way would someone diverge their method to countless others?You guessed it most of the time only if they will stand to gain from it.So best thing is to find a mentor online who works for free and your success helps him so thats his incentive to honestly help you prosper.I am that guy and I will help for free also the methods I use are whitehat and never dishonest but don't expect to get rich quick because it will not happen.About $20/day to begin,absolute $0 investment,requires 30mins per day to create and maintain this recurring pay. Read my book or Yahooim:hamasbenny for free mentoring and project setup.My success depends on yours! Download my free $20 per day special report here only 6pages no fluff....Password=jenny or Jenny
http://depositfiles.com/files/icjnig5tz
http://sharecash.org/download.php?file=458503
Working online isn't easy as it seems but can be done. What people don't realize is that to get any office job (online or otherwise) you need skills.
Hi Join this site, is 100% free for everyone and i will pay you $10 with paypal instantly for signing up
but you will have to complete the offer in 3 hours. Or I will issue a charge back, also i will teach you step by step to succeed is this program, i'm trying to help people who needed, not for scamer. If you follow my step you will be making around $4000 a month or more. You will receive an personal instruction from me in your email after you signed up.....by the way is for (US,UK, Canada only) you won't be able to complete offer or get pay if you do not live in these 3 contries.
You must be at least 18 and have a paypal acount to get pay

Join Now: http://cash.zeropricetags.com/?REF=81314
Here, this is something golden that I saw recently, its the best free resource on internet marketing I've ever seen, teaches you all you ever need to make money online, legitly, anywhere in the world. Don't take it lightly because its free, because this info will change yor life. Here is the site http://www.EwenChia.com/course
Try PeopleString:

http://peoplestring.fun.to

Its totally legitimate and a great way to bring in extra income with little or no additional effort, and it costs absolutely nothing up front!

Have fun!

Tania
Smart Bargain Hunters is a good website for making money online. If you are patient and use a good bidding strategy you can usually win items that cost around $300 while only spending $30. Then just sell back the items on Ebay for around retail price.
Check out Swagbucks! You get points (bucks) for searching. They also hide codes that give you more points. I have been on for a week and already have 210-- you need 450 to get $5 amazon card. 
Check out my referal page!
http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/brandileigh2003
