Bought Something on Ebay...Now What?
I bought something for $30 on Ebay on Thursday. I've received a receipt through my email, confirming that the seller has received payment, but I've received nothing else- no other email from the seller letting me know that the item will be shipped soon. What do I do and how long do I have? I've emailed the seller, asking if she's received payment ok and when my item will be shipped, but nothing.
The seller is from the states, like me. I checked their feedback, and it's 100%, with lots of happy customers, stating fast shipping. However, I haven't received anything via email except for the receipt.

If u dont get it under 2 weeks than...... You got jacked. Just leave it to the police or something
Well chances of being scammed is low. Most likely you purchased an item in ebay outside the country.  Have some patience and the seller will eventually respond. If you payed via paypal you have nothing to worry about. Now if you reside in the USA and purchased from china, or any other country your in for a long wait unless u payed for a faster shipping method. Mail from such distance takes over 2 weeks on free standard shipping. Also take into mind that the seller does say when your purchase will be processed. When it is sent via mail he will send a tracking number.
Ebay has a guarantee that will get your money back, so don't worry if the item doesn't get shipped by 2 weeks. Just lodge a complaint and ebay will fix it.
I wouldnt worry about it just yet,  it is nice to have communication from your seller but not all sellers are big on communicating. You can see in your 'my summary'  whether the seller has posted it  next to the $ sign is a icon that looks like a box. Is that lit up? That indicates it has been posted but not all sellers use that function so dont panic if its not.
If you dont receive it in around 2 weeks start a item not received dispute through paypal (provided they are not a international seller, if they are wait a little bit longer)
You have 45 days from the payment date to file a dispute so keep an eye on the time.
