Could this girl be lying or is she really telling the truth?
i'm not friends with this girl or anything but here's the backstory:

i know a girl named alexa* and i know her because we used to work together. she quit her job about three months ago and she started dating someone i work with now and who we both used to work with.

i don't know much about her and i don't care what she does for a living (to each their own) but she said she started her own website where she dresses up in costumes (like halloween stuff, faeries/hippies, french maids, sexy stuff and gets half nude? i guess she shows only her breasts, i only know most of this from overhearing her "brag" about it to someone and after asking her a few questions. sue me! i was curious)

in exchange for doing sexy photo shoots in costumes and getting half naked sometimes or "dressing up with their suggestions" she said they buy her things off a wishlist that she has.

this just seems REALLY far fetched to me, esp since she says she makes good money. i didn't want to seem too interested so i didn't ask her much let alone how much she makes, but is that even possible?

i'm not asking her again (lol) and it's never something i could do on my own so curiosity has the best of me. is she lying, or is it possible she actually bought her own website and now gets paid good money for being half naked and doing sexy picture sets for guys who buy her things off of a wishlist?
hahah yea now i wish i could visit, i guess it's not as far fetched as i thought.. wow. good for her then i guess. i'd be embarassed, but if shes making "great" money for not really doing anything except taking sexy pics lucky her.

Yeah, she is an entrapeneur (business lady),  People do all kinds of things.  You can believe part of it and guess the other part.
Of course it's possible!  There are guys who will pay to see girls naked, or partially naked.  If she's responding to their "suggestions," it's as if the guy has some sort of personal relationship with her, and yeah, she's exploiting that.

Too bad you don't know the name of her site, lol.
Of course it's possible.
Yes, that's entirely possible. A lot of women earn a lot of money doing that. Send her my way, she'd make a great webcam model.
There's 100,000's if not millions of sites like that. Webcam girls can make a ton of bucks

...
