Help with setting up internet connection. For computer/internet people...?
Please read, I really need help. 

So here's the deal, my uncle bought a new laptop (HP). But he has an old Dell Computer which he got 10 years ago. My uncle has bought a router that is wireless G. His Dell Computer is so old that it doesn't have an Ethernet Port at the back so we bought a USB adapter (so we could plug the computer in to the router). He has a DSL Connection and a modem that used to be directly connected to the Dell.

-The computer is connected to the Router.
The modem is connected to the Router.

There is a USB connection from the Modem to the Computer.
How do I properly configure the computer so that the internet will work?
Since there is an ethernet cable running through from the modem to the Dell, will I still need the USB connection for internet?
Drew- I said that we got an adapter for the ethernet port
Drew- I said that we got an adapter for the ethernet port

No, you do not require both connections at the same time.
For USB connection you need to install driver for the particular MEDEM (What make it is.)

For ethernet, you may have already LAN drivers installed on the system.
You just connect modem to LAN port using LAN cable, connect modem to phone line (or whatever the connection is).
Now you are done to dial the connection. Go to control panel->networks and internet->connect to a network.
Here you can set up your Internet connection according to your ISP.
how is there an ethernet cable running from the modem to the dell if it has no ethernet port?

you should have an ethernet cable running from the modem to the router,
if the dell has a ethernet port then you should have a second ethernet cable running from the router to the dell. if there is no ethernet port on the dell then you will need to install a wireless usb adapter on the dell to replace the ethernet cable.
the configuration of the router depends on your specific internet provider, most routers come with a setup cd that takes you step by step through the process for less advanced users.

i assumed you meant a usb wireless card.
If you have all devices plugged in correctly, and your router is configured properly, then you should be able to plug and play (with a direct ethernet cable).

If you are not getting a connection, then check your network settings (LAN) and do a repair by rightclicking on it.

Also, you can right click on the LAN icon and go to properties and make sure that your  Internet Protocol TCP/IP is set to obtain IP and DNS automatically.    (hightlight and hit properties button).


You may need to go to your device manager and right click on your ethernet card and make sure you don't see an error symbol.    Right click and do a disable and then repeat and do an enable.

You can always see what your computer is "talking" to by going to your RUN box and typing in CMD and then in black screen , type IPCONIG.

The Default Gateway number should be the device you want to configure. (For example, if you have a linksys router, that number is 192.162.1.1)

Restart your computer also, so that the comp can read the router and after the above steps.

As for what "the rider" said above, don't go set up a connection -------- your router should be doing that for you.
