All Michiganders what do you think of Broadstripe?
My mother is planning to switch to it instead of at&t. While the stats seem to enforce getting Broadstripe i would like to hear opinions from others.

never heard of it
never heard of it.  which tells me its something relatively new.  i would research it on google, maybe read some reviews before considering a switch.
i have broadstripe and i have the bundle and two boxes one DVR box the service is ok but the phone can go only as far as the cable modem which i hate but you can buy longer phone cable cords  the cable box the normal 1 sometimes screws up but call them if you need any help they will be there they are pretty good with there service its pretty cheap to for all the stuff you get with the package but they should also have more channels too and if you need more cable like extensions just ask them i just got a 20ft cable cored free
Hi there! I'm the general manager at Broadstripe here in Michigan. On behalf of our entire team we would greatly appreciate the opportunity to serve your mother. In most of our communities we offer a variety of discounted bundled packages that include a variety of options from traditional whole-house cable service, digital cable service, high-speed internet and home phone service with unlimited nationwide calling. I'm not sure what types of service you're looking at for your mom, but I'd be happy to help find the package that would best deliever what she's looking for. You can email me directly at dharwood@broadstripe.com. Thank you! Dave Harwood
I currently have Broadstripe and if I could find a reasonable alternative, I'd dump em in a minute.....the WORST experience I've ever had....installation, customer service & billing are terrible.  You can read a blog about my experiences here http://www.eons.com/blogs/entry/2052347-My-experience-with-Broadstripe-has-been-terrible-

and for the Broadstripe guy, I created a Facebook group and have Twittered & Buzzed my experiences after the last straw occurred today.
